 [1] "The Moto G4 Play and Moto E3 Power are currently the best offerings by the Lenovo owned Motorola. If you're not really a fan of Chinese deviceslike Redmi, Coolpad, Meizu or OnePlus, Motorola devices have really proven themselves to be quite long lasting companions.Now, within the budget segment of 10K, we've these 2 phones and without much delay I would like to review how both these phones fair against each other.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Build Quality:->-----------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the extra grill.The back of E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Screen & Display:->------------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has Moto Display and One Handed Mode, the E3 Power doesn't have them.Performance:->-----------------------The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of  multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Storage:->---------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play come with 16GB of Internal Storage. You get upto 11GB free on E3 Power while around 10.5GB on the G4 Play. Both the phones support USB OTG.Expandable Storage:E3 Power: 32GB via MicroSD CardG4 Play: 128GB via MicroSD CardCamera:->----------------Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery:->---------------While the E3 Power comes with a 3600maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 3.5 hours to 4 hours to fully charge the device.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.4G Network & Jio:->-------------------------------Both Moto E3 Power and G4 Play support VoLTE (Band 40) and can be used with a Reliance Jio Sim Welcome Offer. Yes, you can dial numbers from Stock Dialer without connecting to Mobile Data. Bear in mind that the phones reach upto a temperature of 40.C when continuously on 4G.Battery Life on 4G:->-------------------------------With continuous 4G usage, the E3 Power can last for 6 to 7 hours while the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours.Software & OS:->--------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play with 14 other devices will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion->--------------------The E3 Power proves to be the obvious choice if you want a device that performs better on battery life as well as the Camera. The E3 Power is available every Monday via Flash sales on Flipkart for Rs 7999.The G4 Play although has a smaller battery is a better performer with the powerful CPU and higher capacity for storage via MicroSD Card. The G4 Play will also get the Nougat Update.If you're not into heavy usage and Android Updates, the E3 Power should be your choice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "The review is post 3 months of usage, we shall discuss point wise(sorry if I bore you) Please take time and read, THIS IS IMPORTANT1. Works with any LTE network(Vodafone, Idea, Airtel, IMPORTANTLY -JIO) with 4G speeds (and slower speeds as well). Will probably work with any carrier that allows you to BYOD (bring your own device). And will probably work on networks around the world with the correct SIM card and plan, but may not work on all frequency bands in some locations.2. Good battery life, probably very good. I use this as my 2nd phone but other reviewers give it good marks as well.3. No non-Google bloatware (unless you buy the version with lock-screen ads - this one here is NOT that!)4. Sounds good and works very well. Latest version of Android on this phone is Marshmallow (6.0.x). Having worked with the very latest version (Nougat) on another phone, and then downgrading it to Marshmallow, I recommend sticking with Marshmallow for the time being.5. Easy to get cases and screen protectors for this, and quite inexpensively.6. 16GB memory is a bit lean, but I recommend installing a 32GB or 64GB Class-10 name-brand Micro SD card (yes it takes one!) and allowing the phone to \"adopt\" it. Read more about this online.7. Easily removable / interchangeable battery.8. According to reviewers, camera is decent at best; that said, it's certainly not \"bad.\" I have installed \"Camera MX\" from Appic Labs - available in the Play Store. To me it's an improvement over the default camera app.9. While it's not the fastest phone, performance-wise, it performs well, especially for the price.Note: This phone takes a Micro SIM - many modern phones take a Nano SIM, which means you will need to change SIM cards if coming from an iPhone 5, 6, 7 (for example) or getting a SIM adapter (be careful using these, but they can be made to work well, and once installed and working, you are fine).Please hit helpful YES if you like my detailed review. It will help me write more and more for helping our Amazon community"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "First of all, I am picky about phones, tablets...all electronics. Being a techie type, I researched many phones before I decided to purchase this G4 Play...And after using this phone every day, all day long, I have discovered that this was the best choice of a phone for me.Well, I have written my review as if I were you reading reviews trying to decide to buy this phone or not...PROS:+ MICRO SIM CARD -- While Nano Sims are gradually being the standard SIM size and are the size for newer phones, I still like this size.Note to Nano SIM users: You can install a Nano SIM in this phone IF you carefully place it into an adapter or just go to your phone store and they can move your info from your Nano Card to a new Micro SIM card. Be sure you have a new Micro SIM with you in case they do not have one. Amazon sells Micro Sims.+ Size, Weight, and Comfort of the Phone...This 5 inch screen, weight of the phone, comfort while holding this phone are some major reasons why I bought this phone. I had a huge 5.5 Samsung J7 (2015). It was too big for my small hands and very uncomfortable to hold. And because the G4 Play is a lighter weight phone and not bulky, I am love this!This phone fits my hand perfectly and comfortable to hold.+ Memory/Storage has 16GB Internal however after OS and factory apps 10.6 GB left. External card slot can handle up to 256GB.There is no bloatware...pure Android experience...About twenty one essential factory Installed apps including Phone and Help. Most of the apps are Android / Google Apps. Only about six Motorola apps which includes the Camera, File Manager, FM Radio, Phone, Settings and Calc. Motorola allows Android and Google to supply just the Apps you need, however, later on you can install Apps you like as there is plenty of room left. Below is a list of Google / Android Apps pre-installed on this phone:* Calendar (Google Calendar)* Clock (Google Clock)* Contacts (Google)* Chrome Internet Browser* FM Radio App (Moto installed this on this phone, no Internet needed...real FM Radio)* Google App* Google Maps* Google Music* Hangouts (Google)* Messenger (Google Messenger for Texts and MMS (Picture or Video Messages).* Photos (It is a Photo Gallery by Google).* Play Movies/Play Music* Playstore* Settings (Android Settings)Because I just installed Apps I wanted like Facebook, Twitter, PrinterShare and other large Apps, I still have 8.25 GB Internal Storage now left if I want to add more apps later on.+ Memory & Storage Size & Speed ... The Internal Memory and RAM are adequate and I find the phone runs plenty fast and for me, no lagging, never freezes. A very peppy phone in my opinion.+ Marshmallows 6.01 installed and promises to later update to Nougat 7 OS when available. This I am very happy about because my Samsung J7 M model has yet to update to Marshmallow it still has Lollipop. Other J7 models should get it but I am not sure J7 M model my old one ever will.+ Camera...It is just 8MP however, I took inside and outside pictures and they came out very clear in my opinion. This is much to my happy surprise.+ Screen Resolution/Special Screen Information - For me personally, I find the resolution (at 294 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear! In fact, webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone.***OUTSIDE VIEWING in Direct Sunlight with this screen... OK if I turn the screen slightly to the right because the Brightness NITS are about 400 Nits so this is good (adequate). Some more expensive phones have at least 500 Nits...some have close to 700 Nits of brightness. The higher the Brightness Nits the easier it is to see your screen in bright sunlight. * There is no way to increase the Nits on this phone but I could view it somewhat in direct sunlight.+ WiFi and 4G (LTE) (Internet)Info:WiFi Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent (even in the very back of my home and outside), most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 3 bars).LTE (Data) When not near a router or WiFi hotspot, then I use LTE (Data) for Internet. The LTE on this phone is LIGHTENING FAST when I use data.* Note: At home, I use WiFi on my secured Router with a password. However, when I travel I use LTE Data on this phone as it is much more secure tha a Open WiFi Hot spot at say a cafe etc. This way, I know I feel more secure on the Internet.+ OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 256 GB flash drive with my office files, pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files.+ Temperature of the battery and coolness of this phone - This phone and battery runs very cool with the Snapdragon 410 processor (the 600 & higher Snapdragon processors on other devices can run hot). With this phone's 410 cool processor the normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games, it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees, this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.+ Phone call Clarity/Loudness etc. - Loud enough speaker and sound is very clear, best phone I used..No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset or speaker.The front speaker on this phone is plenty loud...better than my Samsung J7 was!+ BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the very good battery life. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get close to all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). Also to save battery, I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way, I use my phone into the night on a single charge.+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 256GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).*Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.+ G4 Play Prints pictures and documents! I print pictures, PDF documents, Documents and more right from this phone! I have an HP Envy 4500 Wireless Printer...then I installed PrinterShare from the Playstore...I paid 10 dollars for the Premium version as the free one did not work as well. If you need more info regarding the Printing on Moto G4 Play, please ask me in comment section.+ Music Player..The installed player is Google Play Player, however, I did not like it as it used too much battery/memory so I went to Playstore and installed the free Rocket Player...this uses very little battery and memory and has lots of themes, easy to make Playlist, etc.+ MS Office...I installed free from Playstore WJS OFFICE as I need use this 100 percent compatible MS Office compatible on the road. Works great for me. I highly recommend this free Office app.+ Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this phone: I downloaded a FREE APP called WPS Office (free) which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.+ Watching Videos online...I use an app called Internet free from Playstore and also Chrome and I watch online videos by pressing the big white arrow in center of video. I have watched all the videos I wanted on several browsers just fine.For Amazon videos there is an Amazon Video app that I discovered that I use on my Android tablet to watch my Amazon videos.CONS:- Just a couple of minor Cons I found...The phone I received did not come with a headset...no problem as I already have a headset that works on this phone. (I prefer a Bluetooth headset because the sound quality us so much better). Amazon offers many plug in or Bluetooth headsets ar low prices.Also, the charger that came with the phone is a slower charger, however, I have a 2 amp charger that I use and it charges this phone quickly.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as the size is perfect for me. And for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, for two reasons.:1) Yes if you want a very easy to use phone.2) Yes if you have small hands and small fingers as the keyboard is small.If you have large hands and large fingers, this phone may be too small for you...so you should then consider a 5.5 inch or higher screen phone.***This phone I recommend to a person wants a smaller, comfortable to hold phone and also a very easy to use phone. ** Personally, I love this phone because it is fits my hands perfectly, easy to use, fun to use and it is a beautiful phone!Thank you for reading this review. I tested the phone thoroughly before I wrote this review. If you have questions about this phone please ask me in the comment section as I am a techie type and will answer right away."
 [4] "the moto g4 play is the budget option from Motorola in the 4th gen moto g series, as being under 10,000 rs is it better than its competitors? let's find out.-------------------------------------------WHATS IN THE BOX-===================1. THE G4 PLAY ITSELF2. USB CABLE3. TURBO CHARGER4. BASIC EARPHONES5. MANUALS AND WARRENTY GUIDE.------------------------------------------THE DESIGN AND SCREEN-=========================The moto g4 play has a full plastic built, it doesn't feel great like the Redmi note 3 in hand. the back and the battery are removable where you will also find the micro sd card slot and dual 4g sim card slot, it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine. the g4 play is only 137 gm so it feels very light while holding. the g4 play doesn't have the finger print scanner. the only speaker that the g4 play have is the earpiece, it works pretty well for both calls and media consumption. the 5 inch display is decent, it's only 720p but colors looks decent and vibrant, with decent amount of brightness, but the viewing angles are not that great the colors gets washed out in some angles. the display is not better than the Redmi note 3 or the coolpad note 5,but it gets the job done.-------------------------------------------------THE PERFORMENCE-===================the moto g4 play has the snapdragon 410 processor with the adreno 306 gpu and 2 gb of ram, the processor works great for day to day usage and casual gaming, it also handles heavy usage pretty well but the gaming performance is not that good, there is a lot of lagging in heavy games. the multitasking of this phone was pretty average with the 2 gb I was able to only run 4-5 apps in the background. the moto g4 play runs on the android 6.0 marshmallow with the stock android UI on top of it, the UI is very nice it doesn't have much bloatware right out of the box. I personally love the stock android looks, but many people don't like it much.-------------------------------------------THE CAMERA-=============the 8mp rear camera is pretty average, under natural lighting, the dynamic range is okay, with decent color reproduction but sometimes the exposure compensation doesn't work that good, the low light performance is pretty bad, there is a lot of noise in the images. the camera does shoot videos in 1080p resolution but again the video quality is pretty average.the front facing 5mp camera is okay the images looks a bit over saturated for me but it is nice not great.------------------------------------------THE BATTERY-================the 2800 mah battery is pretty average as well, you may get a day of battery life on moderate usage. but it is not good for heavy users or gamers. the g4 play does support fast charging and comes with the turbo charger, it takes around  2.5 or 3 hours to get fully charge.-------------------------------------------THE PROS-===========1. DECENT BUILT2. DUAL SIM WITH 4G VoLTE SUPPORT3. MICRO SD CARD SLOT4. GOOD FOR DAY TO DAY MODERATE USAGE5.  DECENT DISPLAY6. DECENT SPEAKER-THE CONS-===========1. AVERAGE CAMERA2. AVERAGE BATTERY LIFE3. NOT GOOD FOR MULTITASKING OR INTENSE GAMING4. NO FINGERPRINT SCANNER5. NO GYROSCOPE MEANS NO VR SUPPORT----------------------------------------FINAL VERDICT- the moto g4 play is a pretty average smartphone with average specs, it is only good for moderate users and those who love stock android experience, for performance wise the Redmi note 3 performs better in processing, camera, and battery performance.----------------------------------------IF YOU LIKE MY REVIEW PLEASE SUPPORT BY CLICKING ON THAT HELPFUL BUTTON, IT MEANS  ALOT.-----------------------------------------THANK YOU"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Hello guys i am using this phone from 4 month.As you all know that we all think 100 times befor e investing our hard earned money. This review can be a bit lengthy but read it fully as I explain everything.Specs: 5-inch HD display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 | 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor | 2GB RAM + 16GB internal memory (expandable up to 128GB) | 8MP rear camera | 5MP front camera | 2,800 mAh batteryWhat’s good?Moto G4 Play has a great design and is easy to hold. It gets a textured plastic back and silver metal rims. The smartphone has rounded edges, and Moto branding is placed neatly at the rear. Moto G4 Play looks elegant, even though it doesn’t have a metal unibody design. Make sure you buy a back cover if you pick the white colour variant as it tends to get dirty. Plus, you won’t have to worry about accidentally spilling liquids on the phone, thanks to its water-repellent coating.Moto G4 Play has a great design and is easy to hold. It gets textured plastic back and silver metal rims.The display is vivid and sharp. However, it doesn’t make for good viewing angles in bright outdoors. I had to struggle with the display in sunlight.Moto G4 Play has a great battery life. Even though there’s 2,8000 mAh battery on paper, the battery optimisation is great. Moto G4 Play will easily last for a little more than a day from moderate to heavy usage.  Plus, it doesn’t take too much of a time to get charged.The rear camera performs decent in places where there’s ample light. The performance is at par with a lot of devices that I’ve reviewed in the same price segment. But the low-light results are grainy and pictures tend to have a lot of noise. The front camera clicks fairly good pictures.Performance isn’t an issue while multitasking and transition between tabs is swift. I mainly used it for watching YouTube videos, browsing Facebook, messaging on WhatsApp etc; and G4 Play didn’t give me a reason to complain. However, playing even the most basic games for a long duration makes the device slow. So much so that after a while you’ll find yourself playing a slow motion of CandyCrush, which you’d want to quit very soon.What’s bad?There’s nothing really wrong with the device, expect the missing fingerprint scanner and lack of full HD display. The budget segment is full of devices that offer some really good specifications at low price point, which has raised the bar.Moto G4 Play, Moto G4 Play review, Lenovo, Moto, Moto G4 Play price, Moto G4 Play features, Moto G4 Play features, Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, budget smartphones, Android, smartphones, technology, technology newsMoto G4 Play is a decent budget smartphone that will please most buyers.VerdictMoto G4 Play is a decent budget smartphone that will please most buyers. If fingerprint scanner is not your priority in a smartphone, then go for the G4 Play. Remember, the device does lag in terms of performance, especially during gaming. Competitions to consider in the segment include – Xiaomi 3s Prime, slightly higher Redmi Note 3, LeEco Le 1s, and Lenovo K5 Note.PLEASE HIT THE HELPFUL VOTE YOUR HELPFUL VOTE HELPS A LOT"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "INTRODUCTION:xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxVery recently, I was presented this opportunity to choose a mobile for my friend who can’t help himself but to forget or drop his mobile phone in a repeated fashion. His previous Nokia windows mobile kept going for long but finally succumbed to his handling manners. LOL.Thus, I was put up in a situation to find a good economically viable & VFM mobile as most of us would like to have, but before we proceed with the review ,Its always important to set our priorities straight as the final purchase process would be a way full of distractions & not just a straightforward plunge.Let’s check if my requirements are aligned to any of you as well.PRIORITIES & EXPECTATIONS FROM THE PRODUCT :xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1.) PRIMARY USAGE :a.) Regular Priorities : Internet surfing , Video watching, VoLTE capable & a decent Camera.b.) Occasional Priorities : Sparse gaming & music on loudspeakers.2.) HANDLING AND CARE : Rough to negligent. Might be used for videos & games by kindergarten kids.3.) BUDGET : Entry level and below 10000.Must never hurt to break or lose the mobile.4.) SOCIAL STATURE : Must be well preserved with a reputed Brand name.5.) LOOKS : Must be sleek & slip resistant to hold. Must fit any shirt or jeans pocket.6.) OS & HARDWARE :a.) Bloatware free stock Android 6 or more.2 GB RAM with not less than 16 GB internal expandable microSD card.b.) Must be Dual SIM with 4G and VoLTE.c.) Good viewing angles and contrast ratio with a super responsive touchscreen.d.) Decent Autofocussing camera with LED flash & high shutter speeds.e.) Not less than 5.0 inches with HD resolutionf.) A reputed trusted brand with easy availability of service centres.g.) Decent one day Battery backup with preference to removable battery & rapid charging.h.) Slip resistant to hold, Solid loudspeakers & Decent legibility under sun.i.) Last but not the least, must be extremely rugged with corning gorilla glass protection.Now, Lets examine the Merits & De-Merits of contenders one by one:1.) SAMSUNG ON5/ON7 PRO : ( * Never Buy TFT’s )xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxPros:a.) Decent price tag of around 8000 bucks.b.) Grand Brand name & reliability of Samsung.c.) HD 720p resolution,Reputed camera & Decent Quadcore 1.3 GHz CPU & Mali T720 GPU.Cons :a.) A basic TFT display which is by no means worthy to look at.b.) No mention of any display protection like dragon tail or gorilla glass.c.) 8 GB internal memory with 1.5 GB RAM not re-assuring by any means for future upgrades.The cons with TFT screen (even for ON7),no display protection and 8 GB/1.5 GB internal memory/RAM were a big NO,so ruled out of contention.2.) Samsung J2 Pro 2016 : ( A serious Contender with S.AMOLED Display )xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxPros:a.) A 5.0 “superAmoled screen was a big plus.b.) 1.5 GHz quad core CPU with turbo speed technology to load apps faster.c.) Decent price tag of around 9000 bucks.d.) Android marshmallow & Decent low light snaps.Cons:a.) Smart glow and back cover design and plastic not upto my taste (personal preference).Overall Seems delicate to my usage.b.) No fast battery charging options.c.) Low loud speaker output.Me and my friend did not like a bit fragile & odd back design of this as a personal preference ,though On specs I would surely recommend this over any Xiaomi or entry level mobile.A sAMOLED display beats any IPS /TFT display at any given time and also conserves battery.3.) Xiaomi Redmi 3s/3s prime : ( Looks better on Specs & features but…)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxIts Xiaomi's raining everywhere but Xiaomi’s are a bit tricky.Its phone specs may look good on paper with phenomenal 3 GB RAM and 32 GB internal memory but its memory management is not as efficient as bloatfree OS of MOTO G4 play and webpages,games & app load anytime faster on Moto’s than on the Xiaomi 3S/Primes.On Bootup/shutdown times ,games & photo editing it MOTO G4 might suffer a bit though due to lower CPU and ram configurations.Pros:a.) Higher CPU & GPU configurations.32 GB/3GB Ram vs 16 GB/2GB ram on Moto G4 play.b.) All metal build though the buttons are of plastic in contrast to metal ones on Moto G4 play.c.) Better HDR dynamic range.Selfies are wide angle with better contrast ratios.d.) Equipped with fingerprint scannerfor better security and IR blaster for any TV or AC remote functions.Gyroscope missing on G4 play.e.) Fast battery charging as in moto G4 play.Cons:a.) Both G4 play and redmi produce oversaturated colors though G4 play mostly captures with warmer color tones.b.) The metal shine wears off in a month or two from the redmi 3S primes.c.) Inferior RAM management & bloatware cluttered MIUI OS causing lag in loading of apps games and webpages. So if the primary use is just surfing or apps ,Moto G4 play is better.d.) Touch seems to be much responsive on Moto G4 play than Redmi.e.) Service center penetration of Lenovo Motorola far superior to Xiaomi.MOTO G4 PLAY FEATURES :xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1.) A decent rugged build entry level mobile phone .A metal rim on circumference to take any impact. Corning Gorilla glass 3 protection on display with a water repellant nano coating for protection against minor liquid spillages.2.) Most amazing 10 W charger adaptor where with 15 minutes you can get 5 hours backup. charges at 5.2 V DC with 2.0 Amps of current. Charger has a USB port where a dual data/power cable could be connected.3.) OTG enabled usb port & super responsive 5.0”HD IPS wide angle display with 294 PPI . clutter free Android 6(Marshmallow) OS updateable to Android 7 (Nougat) ,loads apps, games, webpages super fast.4.) Dual SIM 4G & VoLTE support on both SIMs.5.) 9.9 mm Thin profile with textured anti-slip back and 137 gms in weight.6.) Lighter Li-Po 2800 mAh battery with easy 1 days backup.7.) Decent 8MP autofocussing f/2.2 primary camera with LED flash & fast shutter speeds .manual exposure control on the Fly is additional advantage. Pics may get overexposed at times and low light snaps may not be the best but again clarity is good.8.) Sun legibility is quite OK but not as good as on other Xiaomi or J2 pro 2016.9.) No gyroscope, fingerprint sensor or IR blaster to add to the feature richness.10.) A Quadcore 1.2 GHz CPU with 2 GB ram against octacores /3 GB RAMs in Xiaomis .Its effect though hardly noticeable in routine operations except Bootup/Shutdown times, High end gamings or any other CPU/GPU intensive jobs like Photo editing.11.) Front situated Loudspeakers superb Loud and clear unlike rear placed on Xiaomi mobiles.12.) Service center penetration better to Xiaomi’s but inferior to Samsung.OVERALL VERDICT FOR MOTO G4 PLAY :xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxFor those looking for a cheap and best reputed branded, rugged good VFM mobile with Rapid charging, Decent camera with good clarity, Loud and clear Loudspeakers ,HD IPS wide angle, super responsive display and blazing fast loading of apps & webpages, Moto G4 play is the best choice.Its an entry level mobile so do not expect Flagship model performances.Its quite good for all basic functions with decent hardwares.It meets serious competition from the SuperAMOLED equipped Samsung J2 pro 2016 and feature rich Xiaomi Redmi mobiles at a little extra cost.However, at the end of the day, It’s a matter of personal preference ,usage & expenditure since we all know there’s always something better to buy with an extra money.***You may like to go for better feature laden Moto G4 plus for a little extra***xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxFYI, I myself own a 64 GB Samsung S6 edge which was more than 6 times the Moto G4 play’s cost but if you ask me in terms of VFM today ,I don’t see the superiority of S6 over G4 or for instance MOTO G4 plus  in the same proportion. So finally its your wise decision to make based upon your priorities."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "First of ,thanks to Amazon for delivering the product real quick.For first impression ,I would say that it looks far better than I thought.The side aluminium/metal frame looks very premium.Also the device feels very lightweight in hands.The battery here is removable ,unlike old Moto devices.I am totally satisfied with the build quality and overall finishing.A very well made product.INBOX CONTENTS:1-Handset2-Battery3-Ton of manual and user guide4-Normal old school earphones5-Fast charger and USB cable----------------------------------------------NOW COMING TO MY REVIEW-----------------------------------------------#=THE BUILD QUALITY as I said is really good, well its Motorola!.The power button and the volume control button uses metallic material with good grip.Unlike the cheep plastic ones.Power button is above the volume button ,which may not be that handy for some users.But don't worry ,you will get used to it.Anyway the buttons provide excellent feedback.The navigation buttons are on-screen type and lacks hardware keys.Display is quite bright and clear.Because its 5 inch a HD screen is enough.You would hardly notice any pixelation ,unless you look really close.#=UI AND PERFORMANCE - As usual with every moto device ,The moto G play also comes with stock android.Which is basically the selling point of moto devices. Because you get fast OS updates.Even though ,the device is shipped with Marshmallow.It will get the Nougat update real soon.It is equipped with snapdragon 410 which is quite outdated now and fits in low end category.Despite that the UI experience is very smooth in moto g play.Well I remember my old grand prime had the same chipset.At that time it use to run most of the games with ease.I installed quite a few basic games in Gplay and found it is still capable of running some decent graphics rich games.The animations were at 1X when  got it,I turned it down to 0.5X using developer options and now it seems much faster and fluid.#CAMERA is Okey ,I never expected it to perform exceptional with camera because it comes with a low end sensor.But anyways it is capable of taking some decent shots which are very similar to on5 pro and better than K5 plus.The front snapper is also decent and snaps some bright selfies.Overall I think the camera is decent for the asking price.Note:Low light performance is below average.#BATTERY LIFE It comes with 2800mah battery which is quite enough because there is nothing that will consume too much battery.So i hope it will last for a full working day.After using it for one day ,I think I got more than 6 hours of On screen time because today is the first day So,I was checking out all the features.Anyway I will comment more about the battery life after 2-3 days.#NETWORK I mainly bought it to use JIO 4G ,because this phone supports true 4G.Yes you can make VoLTE calls and use 4G data.The speed it offers is really good.Totally satisfied with my purchase.Conclusion----------------This is for those people who need good battery life ,decent performance for basic day to day tasks ,good call quality and ofcourse a phone with good build quality and after sales support.The camera is enough for basic picture snapping.Overall I am really satisfied with my purchase.This phone really exceeded my expectations.Thanks I hope you like my review.If you have any further queries then feel free to comment down below.Abraham Joseph"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "I am not going to talk about tech specs - plenty of it is available online. Let's dive directly into user experience.I used this for over a week before handing it over to my dad.The thing which I liked the most is 5' screen. I am a fan of smaller phone (4.7' is idle, but we don't get it any more). This gives access to 'almost' entire part of screen without adjusting the phone in hand. Thumbs up for that.Second best thing is the 'stock android' experience. No nonsense, useless apps. This keeps the phone clean and healthy on memory and I can always download extra apps from app store if I choose to do so.Screen's colour calibration and brightness levels are on par with industry standard these days.This phone packs enough battery life to last for over a day, the way you use. My daily usage for a week's test was restricted to social media, emails, voice calls, YouTube (heavy usage :P), camera. Also, keeping data off when not needed saves on battery. For you gamers, I think you guys won't be looking for a phone in this price/specs range so let's not talk about battery for there.Camera captures pretty sharp images. Thumbs up on that as well.Overall its a great entry level phone for daily usage. The price is quite right for what this product offers."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "DesignPro: The Moto G4 is lightweight and packed with solid hardware.Con: Missing features like NFC are kind of a bummer.DisplayPro: By making the display smaller in the G4 Play, it makes the device easier to grip.Con: Unfortunately, the display has a lower resolution — which makes it less sharp than the other G4 devicesUser InterfacePro: The lack of clutter in the operating system makes the G4 Play much more intuitive than other Android devices.Con: The lack of bells and whistles makes it less appealing to consumers that want higher end smartphones. For example, you won’t be able to record in 4K using the G4 Play nor does it have a fingerprint sensor.ProcessorPro: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor is sufficient for handling productive tasks using the G4 Play.Con: It is unfortunate that the G4 Play has an outdated processor instead of a new one.RAMPro: 2GB is a solid amount of RAM especially for a device that has a starting price of Rs.8999Con: Even though the amount of RAM integrated in the device is substantial, the CPU is what drives the speed and that is slightly outdated.CameraPro: Having 8 megapixels on the back and 5 megapixels on the front is a solid offering.Con: The camera on the Moto G4 Play tends to struggle in low light conditions and the video recordings can be a bit shaky.BatteryPro: The 2,800 mAh battery ensures that you could have as much as a day or a day and a half of phone usage available.Con: The charger that comes with the G4 Play embedded so you can detach the USB cable and connect it to your computer. I would recommend buying a separate Quick Charge 2.0 charger instead of using the one that comes in the box.StoragePro: The ability to expand up to 128GB using a microSD card is convenient. This means you can save a ton of music, photos and video files on the device with the additional storage. Plus Google offers unlimited photo storage through Google Photos, which is seamlessly integrated into the Moto G4 Play.Con: The internal storage options seem to be on the lower end of the scale for smartphones for what you would expect in 2016. Storage tiers offered by other smartphones generally start at 32GB and then go as high as 256GB.Overall ImpressionIf you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons. With a starting price of Rs.8999 unlocked and support for all four major U.S. carriers, it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "I'm going to compare this to the Moto E3 Power so that everyone can decide whether to give 1,000 bucks moreI will judge the phones on 5 factors:1.Build2.Display3.Performance4.Camera5.BatteryBuild Quality-Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the Moto E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the Moto G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the dedicated speaker grill.The back of Moto E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the Moto G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Display-Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.The viewing angles are great as well.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has the Moto Display and other Moto Actions, the E3 Power doesn't have them since it doesn't have the Moto App.Performance-Here things take a kind of a ugly turn.The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Camera-Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery-While the E3 Power comes with a 3500maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 2 to 3 hours to fully charge the device from 0%.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.However the battery life on the E3 Power has reduced after a software updateBugs- The Moto E3 Power has a major bugWhen you plug an OTG cable in and use a pendrive or connect anything via OTG, after unplugging itit will nit charge. You need to restart the phone to make it work. However, this has been fixed with a software updateIt comes with Voice over LTE (VOLTE) out of the box.It does not have the Moto App so you wont get the Moto Actions or Moto Display.Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion-If you are a light user and want better battery life and don't care much about software updates go for the E3 PowerBut if you are a heavy user and you want better gaming and software updates, go for the G4 PlayAfter all, good smartphones have become cheaper and cheap smartphones have got really good.And we no longer judge a phone by how good they are. Instead we judge them by how bad they are or how many flaws do they have.P.S. I had recently received a call from Motorola where we had a long talk regarding the Nougat update for Moto E3 Power. I had asked them to release the update for it. They said they are still testing it and they might release it soon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "The phone is all good bt the only problem im facing is the apps stops responding  suddenly and  sometimes even screen doesn't response  when it happens this is the only thing which is really annoying otherwise product is simply great"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "I liked the following features of MotoG-4-play1) Good fast, snappy performance (for regular use, did not try gaming etc)2) Removable battery3) Dual micro sim (4G support)4) Decent battery life5) Decent camera6) Good 5\" display (720p, not full HD)7) Good finish and light, not too big in size"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Nice Phone With Storng Body And display. This Is first Time. I Buy A Moto phone. I u Are Buying This phone for your Dad So This is best. But if I r a hardcore Gamer So this is not for u.Camera:Nice Camera I must Say so Good.Battery:Is part of this phone is so good. *Coz of fast chargeing. Phone is taking 50 min. For Full Charge If u baying A phone For Basic use So this is the best Buget phone That u can get......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Fast delivery-within two daysPhone is too good. Before i used iphone 4s.Camera is perfect. Touchscreen is awesome.Jio works perfect ij this phone.But battery needs 2 hrs to get charged fully whuch is the only factor concerning me but the slot is not hybrid which is really good. Its a stylis great phone within 10k range.Adding a photo taken with the camera."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "All Good except for the volume, the ringtone volume at max is not that audible. all the default ringtones are just there for the sake of it and serves no purpose. The sound from the phone speaker also is not clear, but good with ear phones on."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Appreciate Amazon and seller, delivered tje product with in 14hrs on free prime delivery. Very Good product, Smooth touch, decent performance and standby. Full Charge in 50 mins using fast charger. Day light camera is good, low light is average. Overall 4 for product and 5 for Amazon and seller's delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "one of the best phone available at this price. fast charging is really a good feature. phone heats up a little sometimes while playing game but it is not a big problem. nice camera and everything.i like amazon service. shipping was quick and packaging was really nice!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "First of all, this review was written after many days of research and observations. So hoping you all appreciate it.--------------PROS:--------------(+) MICRO SIM CARD -- While Nano Sims are gradually being the standard SIM size and are the size for all the phones that are recently launched in the marker, where as I still like this size.Note to Nano SIM users: You can install a Nano SIM in this phone if you carefully place it into an adapter or just go to your phone store and they can move your info from your Nano Card to a new Micro SIM card. Be sure you have a new Micro SIM with you in case they do not have one.(+) Size, Weight, and Comfort of the Phone of the phone is bliss...This 5 inch screen, weight of the phone, comfort while holding this phone are prior reasons why I bought this phone. I had a huge 5.5 Samsung J7 (2015). It was too big for my small hands and very uncomfortable to hold. where as  the G4 Play is a lighter weight phone and not bulky.This phone fits my hand perfectly and comfortable to hold.(+) Memory/Storage has 16GB Internal however after space taken from operating system and factory apps 10.6 GB is left for your personal use . External card slot can handle up to 256GB well advised to expand upto 128GB.There is no bloatware...pure stock Android experience...About twenty one essential factory Installed apps including Phone and Help. Most of the apps are Google Apps. Only about six Motorola apps which includes the Camera, File Manager, FM Radio, Phone, Settings and Calc. Motorola allows Android and Google to supply just the Apps you need, however, later on you can install Apps you like as there is plenty of space for apps to install.Because I just installed Apps I wanted like Facebook, Twitter, Messenger and other large Apps, I still have 8.25 GB Internal Storage now left if I want to add more apps later on.(+) Memory & Storage Size & Speed ... The Internal Memory and RAM are adequate and I find the phone runs fast and for me, no lags or frame drops  never freezes. A very peppy phone in my opinion. I have tested games like Modern Combat 5 and Asphalt 8 which runs pretty smooth as per budget.(+) Marshmallows 6.01 installed and company or developers promises to later update to Nougat 7 OS when available. This is where I am very happy because other phones at this budget doesn't provide Nougat update and some doesn't even provide Marshmallow.(+) Camera...It is just 8MP however, I took inside and outside pictures and they came out very clear in my opinion. This is much to my happy surprise. Low light photography is below average but again the price is not much so acceptable.(+) Screen Resolution - For me personally, I find the resolution (at 294 PPI - Pixels Per Inch) excellent as the colors in the screen are very bright and vivid and very clear with a good color gamut! In fact, webpages and my Kindle Reading app are just stunning on this phone! *All of my pictures and videos are crystal clear with this phone, thumbs up for the display .***OUTSIDE VIEWING in Direct Sunlight with this screen... OK if I turn the screen slightly to the right because the Brightness NITS are about 400 Nits so this is good (adequate). Some more expensive phones have at least 500 Nits...some have close to 700 Nits of brightness. The higher the Brightness Nits the easier it is to see your screen in bright sunlight. * There is no way to increase the Nits on this phone but I could view it somewhat in direct sunlight so sunlight readability is great on this device.(+) WiFi and 4G (LTE)......WiFi Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent gets to connect with weak signals also, most of the time I have 4 bars (outside is 3 bars).LTE (Data) When not near a router or WiFi hotspot, then I use LTE (Data) for Internet. The LTE on this phone is LIGHTENING FAST when I use data and speeds go high up when you are at a open air.(+) OTG – This phone supports On the Go with the micro USB port so I can add a 256 GB flash drive with my pictures etc and the phone easily reads these files and external hard drives are also supported.(+) Temperature of the battery....... This phone and battery runs very cool with the Snapdragon 410 processor (the 600 & higher Snapdragon processors on other devices can run hot). With this phone's 410 cool processor the normal temp and most of the time it is running at 78 F degrees to 87 F degrees. When I download lots of apps or play games, it may get up to 90 degrees for a couple of minutes but goes right down to normal temps. I have run many programs on this phone and it DOES NOT OVERHEAT. I have read that some newer smart phones will sometimes get up as high as 112 degrees, this one for me has not done this.It is important to keep a phone running cooler as it will prolong the life of the phone and it is easier on the battery as well.(+) Phone call Clarity/Loudness etc. - Loud enough speaker and sound is very crisp and clear, best phone I used..No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset or speaker.The front speaker on this phone is plenty loud.(+) BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the very good battery life. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get close to all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning). Also to save battery, I turn off WiFi or Data and tap the ON OFF button (put to sleep). This way, I use my phone into the night on a single charge.(+) EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone! (I placed a 64GB SD Card in this phone and I still have room left).*Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices work this way when storing your downloaded apps.(+) Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.----------CONS:----------(-) Just a couple of minor Cons I found...The phone I received did not come with a headset...no problem as I already have a headset that works on this phone. (I prefer a Bluetooth headset because the sound quality us so much better). Amazon offers many plug in or Bluetooth headsets ar low prices.Also, the charger that came with the phone is a slower charger, however, I have a 2 amp charger that I use and it charges this phone quickly.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes in a heartbeat as the size is perfect for me. And for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, for two reasons.:1) Yes if you want a very easy to use phone.2) Yes if you have small hands and small fingers as the keyboard is small.If you have large hands and large fingers, this phone may be too small for you...so you should then consider a 5.5 inch or higher screen phone.***This phone I recommend to a person wants a smaller, comfortable to hold phone and also a very easy to use phone. ** Personally, I love this phone because it is fits my hands perfectly, easy to use, fun to use and it is a beautiful phone!Thank you for reading this review. I tested the phone thoroughly before I wrote this review. If you have questions about this phone please ask me in the comment section.Jai Hind"
 [9] "It's a mediocre phone, best suited for the parents or people who are new into android world does not uses any heavy applications.The processor and GPU works just fine.The battery I got with the phone is of 2685 mAh instead of 2800 mAh,don't know why, If anybody knows please clarify me (thanks in advance)BTW the phone which I got have many scratches on the sides (metallic frame portion), so I am gonna replace it.Also the packaging that I got with this phone is worst from amazon out of all the orders that I have placed with amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Instead of buying the E3 go this phone and You will never regret it.Display is good.Battery life is decent enough to last more than one day.The main reason i bought this phone was for stock android experience which moto offers.(planned upgrade to nougout)Hope u enjoyPeace."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Nice phone.fast delivery .Matches our simple needs.no idea about gaming. Bought 3 phone to my family members.still one more needed for my family.once my budget is ready will order ."
 [2] "Camera is not that much good as mentioned but fine , Overall phone is OK good battery backup"                                                                                         
 [3] "Good phone but battery is not upto mark"                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Good phone. I am happy with the phone and quality of product."                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Great cell phone. Working amazing,  Again,  good experience with amazon.Deliver mobile only in one-day."                                                                              
 [6] "A preferable product. Average on camera & audio performance. Good battery life. Nice viewing angles. Good overall performance in Day to day life."                                    
 [7] "OK not bad"                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "I purchased this mobile for my brother . He is very happy while having this . Thank you Motorola for come back in smart phone market..."                                              
 [9] "Good phone in this price range"                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Its not as it is described , scratches scratches scratches , and this is description about this product"                                                                              
 [1] "Best phone in this price range. Magnetometer is not present, hence Magnet app won't work. Else very satisfied with this phone."                                                                        
 [2] "Lenovo has decreased quality of motorolla. Old motorolla was far far better; but now, after lenovo bought moto, it became just a typical chines mobile. Dont buy this mobile. very bad camera quality."
 [3] "Extremely poor product.The service of Amazon has drastically gone down."                                                                                                                               
 [4] "I am feel happy about this phone because I expected features all are have this product and I received 1000 Cashback from Amazon"                                                                       
 [5] "Good phone with a good processor . Worth buying in this segment, really recommend to buy this rather then going for Chinese brand phone which have lower benchmark when compared to this"              
 [6] "Best phone in the price range.."                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Best device for my usage."                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Very Nice device, true to exoectations."                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Very nice phone ,looks wise , performance wise, hd screen , camera quality is good compare to other mobile in same range and also 1000 cash back from amazon"                                          
[10] "I love it. Nice features. snappy with functioning and trendy look too"                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Awesome mobile.... altimate speed processer... i got awesome experience..."                                                                                                
 [2] "Jz osum..!!! Camera is perfect... Battery backup is gud.. Light weight...i love this mobile... The Name MOTO is enough to buy this cmpny mobile.. without any confusion..."
 [3] "Hope for best in a electronic deviceGoing gr8 nw a days"                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Great phone good Performance, Good Battery life for daily basis & regular usage in affordable price"                                                                       
 [5] "Received my Moto G Play in excellent condition and on time.This phone is  not only excellent but wonderful at this price."                                                 
 [6] "Good"                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "This phone switch off when i connect it to my car stereo via Bluetooth..not just my car but every car I connected with ,my phone restarted on it self don't know why"      
 [8] "Its an amazing phoneDecent camera...Smooth functionalityNo lags and Decent battery lofe as well which lasts for a day with good usage"                                     
 [9] "till now its working fine. the only issue we face is it restarts automatically thrice or 4 times a week despite having much of battery charging."                          
[10] "No problem at all totally worthy..."                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "Good as a budget phone. HD display is good, touch is very smooth and build quality is very good. Photo quality is average given its specs.. you cannot expect more in Rs 7k phone. Go for this phone if you use few essentials apps. 2GB Ram is good enough for few apps like FB, WhatsApp, uber, and few more.. Not for gaming.Cons: Noticed slight heating near top corner while charing with 2A powerful charger and after 10 mins of video recording. But should not be a major issue."                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "I have been using this phone for 3 months very satisfactory  pros:  1. Camera  gud outdoors2.RAM gud for normal multitasking3.Fast charging4.Weight is very less5.No bloatware pure android experienceCons1.Heats when using camera & while playing game's2.Battery backup not upto the mark"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Got this phone for my sister on her birthday1) Good battery life2) Camera is decent3) Phone doesnt gets heat up4) Call quality is good found no call drops or network problems5) Sound quality is not that great but its decentI choose Moto G Play because it has stock android and would recieve Android updates quickly than its other competitorsI wound recommend to buy this budget phoneMoto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "You may call it a fair phone too slow for operation stuck on multiple time other phone with 2GB RAM perform batter then this i sold the phone with in one month of purchase"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Nice budget phone wid good featuresProsGood battery lyfSpeaker better than jblNyc screen gives out bright coloursBack camera is superbConsFront camera is averageN fingerprint sensor is missingBut over all the best phone wid good featured n good brand value"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "GPS not working, and phone hanging after Hard reset also....Motorola service centers not accepting the phones in Bangalore - Nagwara, Thanisandra, Indiranagar after referred by Amazon service centers list. Motorola please contact me on how to exchange the phone. Suddenly lost in Transit what needs to be done... Please update your service Centers and align with Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "The most interesting features are.....weight,speaker position,battery backup+charging speed,screen and body strength,..loved itBut not good for heavy users or gamers,but still supports most of the high end games....and iam 95% satisfied with this phone considering its cost ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "I have started using this mobile since 1st Nov. 2016. till now i don't feel any problem. All looks good to me. but yes there is very little lag when multiple application are opened. Battery lasting is good.Over all in 9K phone is good but other options are also available in market better than this."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "The best mobile for regular use.[User - Medium to Heavy]Please use with a case for its very thin bezels and of course with a screen protector. There you go, you have a sturdy guy in your pocket."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Motorola's Moto G4 Play is the most affordable phone in the G4 line. It's splash-resistant, comes loaded with a near stock version of Android 6.0, has great battery life but The G4 Play lags when playing games and taking panoramic photos. The display can be hard to read in direct sunlight and you won't be able to customize the phone using Motorola's Moto Maker website.If you're on the hunt for an affordable phone with pretty long battery life, the Motorola Moto G4 Play deserves your attention. But the regular Moto G4 gives you even better features for just a little more cash.Rate this review helpful if it helped you in anyway."
 [1] "The phone which I got its not even switching on only and when I try to replace it it says to visit some Tech support URL from that phone, how can i visit that Tech support URL if the phone is not even switching on so tell me how I can replace this phone?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "A good phone with this 9k range. looks is very good, working fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "It is look like some Chinese for their function is totally Chinese so it is difficult for me to find out the difference between a brand of an hour 1 Chinese phone because there totally function are same"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "I gifted this phone to my dad on his 50th birthday. He liked it a lot. He is not much techno savvy but he liked it.Easy to use. Battery back up also good, lasts for whole day. Screen is also amazing."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Good option with value for money.product provide whatever necessary in daily use. Weight is little on higher side which makes product bulky. battery life is good and with removable option."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Bettery- 9.5/10Camera- 8/10Music quality- 9/10Charger- 5/10No heating issue at all, little bit laging, some times camera turns off by its own, processing vry fast. 2gb ram awsm, but they didn't provide me turbo charger as mentioned, the charger charges full in aprox 1and half hr. overall gud phone in this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "The Moto G4 Play is basically the same hardware as the Moto G 2015 in a new design. The build quality is great, although with metal phones becoming standard in this segment, the plastic does come off looking not as premium. The phone itself works flawlessly, but there are too many limitations to justify its cost.The main drawback with this handset is the older hardware, which means you're not going to see a lot of updates. For three years, Motorola has shown that it will roll out updates to its Moto G and even Moto E phones nearly as fast as Google does for its Nexus line. But that won't be the base for the Moto G4 Play. The Snapdragon 410 SoC severely limits its ability to receive updates, as it is already a two-year-old SoC by now.You're much better off buying the Redmi Note 3. The Snapdragon 650 is newer and runs rings around this handset (as well as the costlier Moto G4 Plus), and the build quality is much nicer."
 [8] "This phone is lovely. I was worried switching from iphone, as it is easy to get spoiled after using apple products. But this phone has great quality. It is nicely built, the touch screen is very good, and the look is elegant. The only thing I still miss about the iphone is camera, but iphone quality camera is difficult to find, so no complaints to motorola. I am pleased with the purchase."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Product is fine but processing is bit low for multitasking . I am useing many apps at same time but mobile working with lags  . I plays high grafic game but it's not working properly so it's not for gaming"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Arrived in real quick time. Phone is undoubtedly awesome. Bought in Jan no problems yet. Phone works smoothly even when u have 5 percent left. Not to mention I played Asphalt 8 airborne while it was only 5%. No problems at all the best phone in my view. Just waiting for the nougat update."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Product is goodDelivery much before as expected thanks for that.Only the thing is charing cord is so tight , is it supose to be like this or its problem .Or else i give 5 star to it ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "I will rate it between 2 n 3 as it's not as per my expectations. If you compare it Moto 3rd gen, which I was using since last 2 years, it doesn't exist against that in terms of build quality. I was expecting more when I moved from 3rd gen to 4th gen. Looks like as Moto has been acquired by Lenovo,  they are comprising with qualitiy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "I bought it for my uncle and just before the e3 launch. It's working fine and doesn't have any pre-installed apps which makes you install apps as per your preferences,Camera is goodFront camera takes good imagesCharger is rapid fast, it charged 60% in just 18mins."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Phone ia nice..Battery is amazing..Processor is good..Screen size is perfect .Although got one or two glitches in one month of use, but there's no major issue..Charges in 30 minutes from 0-50% and in 1½ hour from 0-100%..Earphone quality might be better...Overall worth the price.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Phone works fine and is good in it's league only second to Xiaomi 3s prime. The phone gets slow when you are opening some apps. Sound quality is good. Camera is good. I like the phone.A must improve, Delivery of this by India Post. I got this 1 week after the promised date and to my irritation, the India Post office asked me to come to their office and collect it. Why do you even promise delivery when you can't fulfill it. I'm really disappointed with Amazon for this and I'm sure many other customers will go to other e-commerce sites if you don't improve your delivery system."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "I bought this on Amazon for 8999/- This is a mid range phone 4G from Motorola (now Lenovo Owned) with a decent range of specifications (Snapdragon 410 and Quad Core - 1.2 Ghz) and good build quality for a budget phone. I bought this in white and it looks quite good though obviously tends to show dirt and stains faster. The back panel has a nice grippy textured feel to it which feels great to hold.I've been using this for about a week now and its been a mixed bag of reactions towards the Moto G Play. While build quality and hardware remains good for the price, the specifications and camera do leave you wanting a bit more at times. Compares equally with other phones in the same range.Pros:1) The Build quality is very good. Motorola have not compromised on hardware even at this price and the buttons feel robust and firm. The steel band around the outer chassis feels well put together. The power button which is oddly placed above the volume rocker has a nice lined grip to it.2) Audio quality is good, not great. The ringer is adequate though in a noisy environment you could miss hearing it. The speaker and mic are good enough, clarity is excellent and the mic does not pick up in-necessary noise from the surroundings. It also has a tiny noise cancelling mic (or ambient noise sensor) at the rear near the camera which helps I guess.3) Camera is average. With a 8MP rear facing and 5 MP front selfie camera which is the norm for most budget phones, the pictures are crisp clear and more than enough for daytime or brightly lit subjects. Sadly night shots which require the flash are grainy, have a lot of noise and are just about average with a lot of details not showing through.4) Software & Specs. The phone comes with Android Marshmallow out of the box. v6.0.1. Being a Motorola it is not loaded with bloatware of any kind (which is just awesome) and runs the stock OS. So, the memory remains nice & clean, nothing to delete and the phone runs great.5) The phone comes with the standard range of accessories in the Box, a quick charger 10W (0-60% in 25 mins) which doubles as the data cable, a set of instruction manuals with warranty conditions. No headphones supplied.6) Screen. With a 5\" IPS LCD the display is bright and clear though not very crisp like some of the new HD displays. It is fairly readable in bright sunlight and has a good touch response.7) Battery Life. With a removable 2800 mAh battery, the phone easily lasts a day or more with moderate to heavy usage at times. Charges quickly enough with the supplied charger and battery drain is fairly slow even during intensive gaming and other apps usage.The best part is that the phone has a water repellant Nano Coating to it so even a little bit of water or splashes wont damage it. As well as Corning Gorilla Glass 3. *As claimed by Motorola.Cons: Nothing much to be negative about, the phone performs flawlessly as expected. So far no hanging, normal levels of heating with some random gaming, internet, You Tube and WhatsApp on all the time.A good buy at this price, nothing special compared to other phones in the same price bracket. Buy if for solid and long lasting build quality and a clutter free Android OS. Not to mention now that Lenovo has bought over Motorola, there are plenty of service centers all over."
 [7] "It's a wonderful device. Light weight, nice color, great display, stunning processing speed, decent camera, quick charge and slow discharge, back cover grip doesn't let the phone slip. ABOVE ALL...Amazing price deal by AMAZON that too on EMI. It's a standby phone for me and I don't have a thing to complain about."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "The product is good.but like not like 1st gen moto product .it may be because now it is under lenovo.but it is good in terms of battery,connectivity,fast charging.but it will irritate you some time with no required lag.it has better specification than older moto but does not satisfy like the older one."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "No Good apart from display. No Options were provided in the phone where we can remove clock from the screen. can not adjust font size.Wish I can return this product.However I have no such things in the phone where I can compliment and give a good rating.Please do not buy this !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "My dad bought this for Diwali . He likes the battery and 4g connectivity and most importantly cam clarity with screen resolution.Cons : no insurance , no biometric sensor.I think this phone is with for pay .thanks to amazon for fast delivery and thanks to moto for such a good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Nice product ,though the lack of space stings a bit"                                                                              
 [2] "Didn't get 15,% cash back account."                                                                                               
 [3] "For a guy who's looking for long-term and rough use they can buy... Battery is very good. Sound quality is bad without earphones" 
 [4] "Nice product with 4g vault and other features.."                                                                                  
 [5] "I'm sending video of my handset .Moto G Play is getting damaged internally,Pls send new handset in exchange"                      
 [6] "Great."                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Such a fantastic  phone go for it...... Ignore negative comments.......... No lag no hang...... Flawless"                         
 [8] "I just Bought they delivered the product by next day, happy to use and the mobile condition is awesome! Nice color and worth buy."
 [9] "Memory card not supported in this phone but sometimes support karleta hai"                                                        
[10] "This product is having Bug ... Don't purchase that product ... as my mobile sound gets off automatically without reason"          
 [1] "Good Performance.. Impressive battery backup... Good network reception ... Smooth .... Sleak in looks .... Light Weight ..... Speaker is average ....Touch is good ... Overall best phone in this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "worst experience. I gifted to my cousin at another town she could not find mobile signals on placing sim. so it took 20 days to reach me back. Amazon return time was over. So i took it to authorized service center. they told communication cable was missing and they placed it by charging Rs. 1630/-.The lenova/ Motorola manufacturing/assembling site doesn't have QC policy before releasing unit in to the market?  The missing spare cost was 18.11% of the total price. How come its possible. Do they don't have count on major spares consumed and no of units produced. Do't go for china mobiles even moto also now a china company"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "I have perched this phone on 22Th of seplook is goodsize is standercamera is good(both)No video call functionality is availableNetwork problemAs 1 sim is working with 4G/3G/2Gbut at the same time another will work on 2G.battery backup is good it mean after full charge you can use this phone 7 to 9 hours"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Processor and specs good for all general purposes(email,social media,videos,gen apps, medium graphics game settings).great battery back up as processor is not power hungry.If  you turn off internet connection and connect sparingly it will last two days.LESS features compared to higher models g4 and g4 plus but you save money on this too :) As i use two smart phones,it is a great device to have for me.Removable battery is a big plus for travellers who don't want to carry power bank but don't mind extra battery.CAMERA is reasonably good and can surprise you with great shots.Possible to manage a great storage and multiple apps experience through clever use of space by using 32 gb or 64 gb sd card.Definitely a better buy when compared to moto e3 power unless you are crazy about bigger battery advantage.But if you are in no hurry and can wait two more months,then your choices will broaden further."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "AS i have purchased this mobile in a September month and writing a review after using this mobile properly.Its battery life is very good it works for me at least 1 and half day almost after a heavy usage of internet and call .Camera quality is also awesome.Sound quality is also awesome.As its 5 inch phone size is very user friendly as specially you are fond of lots of selfies. HD display's result is very good.Over all budget friendly phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Pre-buying doubts :1) Lower hardware specs compared to other Chinese phones like MI etc.2) Relevance of Motorola brand since its from Lenovo.3) Quality & ease of use.User Background :1) owned Samsung Note 5 2015-20162) owned Samsung S4 from 2013 -20153) owned Nokia E72 from 2010-20124) Owned Nokia 6630 from 2006-20105) Owned Nokia 3315 before 2006Initial Impression :1) Poor packaging - 1 stars2) Phone look & feel - 4 stars3) Earphone - 1 star (Bad/ but still its there)4-months post purchase feedback :1) Rear Camera is decent - 3 Stars2) Front Camera is good - 4 Stars3) Build Quality - 4 Stars4) Call Quality - 4 Stars5) Software performance - 5 Stars6) Expected life in average usage 12-18 months7) Minor scratches in body not in screen. I dont use screen guard or cases.Conclusion :1) At 8000-9000 INR this is the best option for me.2) Software works fluently without lag & can compete with flagship phones.3) Decent hardware.4) No point having big specs if its not fast. This phone is blazing fast.Bottom Line :Highly recommended if your requirement is a fast & smooth phone without lag thathas a decent specs with respectable camera & hardware.After having used flagship phones for years, This is my first budget phone andI'm happy with it.It can be a ideal second phone too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Bought it as a gift for my wife. The specs everyone might be aware of so I won't input those in my review. I'll just note the pro's and con's of this phone.Pro's:-2800mah battery, lasts for a day on 3g and WiFi continuously-display and UI are great-camera clarity is okay for the price paid. Front cam of 5mp is enough for imo calls and selfies-moto service center is there in most cities and they do try and help with the issues(from my past experiences)-android marshmallow is smooth-stock android-quite and old version but still we get a snapdragon processor from a renowned brand-2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory for an average user-supports voice LTE-water repellent screen( not water resistant)-gorilla glass(get a screen guard though as an extra protection)Con's:-the moto headset is not so great-plasticky look. Design is average-clock speed is a bit low but for the price it is okay-cant play any heavy games on this one(I won't recommend it if you are a person who wants to use this phone for a long time)-updates won't roll out faster on this one compared to the other models. Android Nougat might not be available for this one because of the old processor.-no fingerprint sensor might be a con for most people.-voice clarity is a bit low compared to some other handsetsBeing a person who is a very light user, I love this one. For the price, the spec we get are pretty good. There are several other brand of phones offering a lot of cooler spec for the same price. But for a person who prefers the durability of the brand, availability of service centers and the processor type, this is the best choice available. Better than the moto e3 power as we get a better processor for the price paid. In the end it is a personal choice as to which phone we want to buy. Also there's no easy return of phones once you buy it, so do research properly before buying. If there are any questions related to the phone, I'll be happy to answer those.Hope I've helped. I wish the people who are planning to buy a phone find the right phone which suits their needs.(using this handset for 15 days only, I'll update the review after sometime if I find any new advantages/con's)"
 [8] "Moto G4 Play is good phone.Bought it for my uncle,he is happy with the product.It is good for below average or average user but there are better options available like redmi 3s prime.It comes with obove basic specs , so it is good choice for 1st time Android user.Stock android, good battery life are some of the pro's of this device."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "I bought this phone for my relative. Phone never started. Moreover I am just unable to return it using Amazon app. Amazon's service is indeed deteriorating."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "quick delivery by Amazon. Thanks. Moto g4 play worth at this price. RAM 2 GB but the software optimized brilliantly so you get at any given point nearly 1 GB of RAM free. decent looking handset hassle free operation and on top jio works effectively without installing my jio app. Value for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Ram Speed less.No extra options ."                                                                                    
 [2] "It's hanging no good"                                                                                                 
 [3] "Mobile is goodIt's having nougatAmazon is very slow at giving offers ​which is being given by mobile"                  
 [4] "Everytime Got a Damaged Phone"                                                                                        
 [5] "Good phone at good price. Satisfied!"                                                                                 
 [6] "Awesome Phone.I purchased it for my mom.This phone just fulfills all the requirement of a newbie Android user."       
 [7] "good"                                                                                                                 
 [8] "It's not upto mark mobile no silent mode and hangs for few minutes and software viruses are there and quite different"
 [9] "Battery does not last longer......"                                                                                   
[10] "Very good deevice in this price ....And the camra was very good .both camra are too good and nice pic capture."       
 [1] "As per the usage over 4 months i have found this product a value for money item, camera is awesome."           
 [2] "Good phone..but betary small....."                                                                             
 [3] "Very bad mobile"                                                                                               
 [4] "Nice one but low battery backup"                                                                               
 [5] "Good One"                                                                                                      
 [6] "Good budget phone however camera could have been better... Still a good purchase"                              
 [7] "This is my first SmartPhone. An excellent product. Easy to use and great features for the price!"              
 [8] "For budget phone"                                                                                              
 [9] "After using for one month battery Is draining very fast, screen starts flickering and signal strength problem."
[10] "Ya the product was very nice bt the delivery time was long... bt anyways the product meet my expectations..."  
 [1] "As usual good touch, camera and battery life is good. But sometimes phone hangs and by restarting phone we can solve that problem. Overall performance was good and satisfactory. And Amazon's delivery was fantastic got my phone on 3rd day."                                                       
 [2] "over all reading about all postive and negative review about this phone and also with my  personal experience with this. i can say this  phone is damn  good then others  .......  and  except some  2 or 3  things i dont like in it but overall its damn  good  option then othersin same price tag"
 [3] "Good phone camera is good rear as well front gorilla glass keeps display protected .good processor ."                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "My experience with this phone was great! But, the performance is not so promising at the price of RS.9000. This phone is light and there's a removable battery which is not found in many upcoming devices. Unfortunately, I lost my phone."                                                          
 [5] "Good Phone for budget around 9kAll you need in a 4G phone is well balancedVery Light WeightGood In Hand feelingNot Too BIGShrink Screen function to use in One HandFind CAMERA SAMPLE & [...]"                                                                                                        
 [6] "Best in class.. good camera.. good features.. value for money.. no heating problems..Moto proves again it's excellence.."                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "1.Smooth and Stock User Interface2.Awesome front and good rear camera3.Good Battery Backup4.Quick Charge(0-70% in 35 min)5.No Heating Problem till nowBuy only if you are casual user....not a heavy gamer"                                                                                           
 [8] "I bought this for my Mom, she had a samsung galaxy duos, that was super slow. Now, this has 2g ram and some other things listed on the spec sheet but when it comes to using it for Fb or whatsapp or other apps, it gets the job done."                                                              
 [9] "Awesome Mobile very handy mobile with good features as well as with great service. I would recommend this mobile for all those who are looking for 9000 mobiles. But disadvantage is that Amazon didn't give any notification during delivery of mobile overall great mobile."                        
[10] "Comfortable Display with 5 inch,With sufficient expandable memory,Jio compatible deviceBut camera  is not meets my expectation,butRemovable battery,LENOVO Clubbed mobile(not genuine moto)Finally : I suggest to my friends to buy"                                                                  
 [1] "awesome phone"                                                                                                     
 [2] "Mobile is good but observe one problem related to heat up."                                                        
 [3] "The mobile has all the features that one can expect at a cost which is quite reasonable"                           
 [4] "I am very happy with your service... Thumbs up.... Keep it up... Phone is very nice...."                           
 [5] "My payment mode was COD...swipe machine was not working...so I had to go bank and remove...it was a bad experience"
 [6] "Got a faulty product, stopped working completly after 2 hrs of use, I am disappointed."                            
 [7] "M so happpyyyyyy....phone is so good and it is light in weight and smoothly accessible....loved it...."            
 [8] "Meets the expectation and works as described. Camera is good with bright flash light."                             
 [9] "good."                                                                                                             
[10] "Great phone, with good performance and clutter free Android."                                                      
 [1] "Lot of people has written about pros, which are true to some extent. What I am experiencing is not written in any review.It is one of the smoothest experience with Android, so no complaints here. I don't see any Nougat update available yet.Cons1) BatteryBiggest problem for me is battery life. For my usage I don't see its reliable enough for \"Smartphone use case\".If you are call and SMS person then it might be enough.Battery life is not good if you have on 4G Data Sim with Volte and Another one just for regular Voice CallsOnly apps running in backgrounds are WhatsApp, Google Map, PayTM, HotStar.If you start your day at 7 AM with 100% battery, by 10 PM in night with light use Wi-Fi + 4G Data along with Location/GPS on all the time,battery drops to less than 25% easily. If you watch YouTube videos then surely less than 10%.So if you forget to put charger at night, phone would switch off during night. So no alarm for next day morning.Only saving grace is fast charger which charges battery really quickly for me I can see its getting charged to 100% in around 60-70 minutesSo my advice to carry charger or battery bank all the time with you, since if you change any usage pattern phone might die during your day usage.2) WeightIt is relatively light weight, but it is not weight balanced, so there is chance that you might drop3) Slot DesignMost problematic design is micro SIM slots and Micro SD card slot.Main Problem with micro SIM slot is very difficult to take SIM out. Which might not be problem if you don't switch SIM frequently.Weirdest design is First micro SIM and Micro SD Card slot are stacked on top of each other. So it really makes difficult to take out first SIM and micro SD Card.There is one small notch for SIM one ejection, but it barely moves SIM out of slot by couple of millimeters, so you struggle to pull SIM out.Taking micro SIM out from both slot is some series exercise as you don't want to damage micro SIM or micro SIM slot.4) HeadphoneHeadphone is very basic. Cheaper Redmi models have much better headphone5) CameraCamera is basic. Taking photos in room lit with tube lights is problem for the rear camera. Video shooting is way below average.6) SpeakerSpeaker is very basic. Not loud enough for the most of YouTube videos.7) VOLTEVolte works only on SIM1,  It means dual 4G in real sense is SIM1 only 4G VOLTE calls, SIM2 is for 4G Data + non VOLTE calls8) SARSAR value is not clearly mentioned in any review. Got a paper in box which is stating SAR as 1.36 is very high considering it does not have metal cover.For Plastic body it should have less than 0.8So Motorola/Lenovo has not put any design efforts to reduce SAR RadiationXiomi Redmi is clearly better option if you don't need two SIM + dedicated Micro SD slot.After using for two months I am finding Glass is getting scratched with regular use, not sure what kind of Gorilla Glass is really used"
 [2] "Very good budget handset by moto everything is awesome only disappointed with one thing that it do not have moto gestures like moto g3 and turbo have. Good service by Amazon Thank you very much got it one day before ☺"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Great Mobile in this price range.Nice camera, battery life is awesome. light weight. Work with jio sim. Charge very fast. Powered by lenova.  Kuch better than pro 7 pro 5, j series by samsung. Very quick delivery by amazon. Thankyou Amazon you r the best website."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Bought the phone .Thought lenevo and Motorola will make it better.After using it for 4 months .Phone gets heated + microphone makes shutter sound .In short - Better to go for Appo or Mi"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "I'll try to keep it short. If only Lenovo had used a newer SoC, this phone would have been killer. -2 star for that but +1 for adding in that removable battery. Everything else is on point considering the price. I really feel that Moto G Play is what Moto E 2015 should have been."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Amazing phone by moto....stock Android moto g4 play .... lightning fast performance ....super selfie and avarage rear camera....nice battery backupAnd thanks to Amazon...the best online shopping sites."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "nice to get amazon cashback.fast delivery by amazon,camera is good but struggles at low lighting battery is avg. best phone in price of 9k if u want a fast android updates then moto is the best in this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "I am using this mobile from one week there is no problem on it is the best mobile in below 10kcamera clarity is good performance is also nice everything is good but 4 star is for this mobile will get heated if u play games more than three hours continuously."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Products are good but seller green mobiles, bengaluru has made false commitment of giving powerbank free i hv received my mob but no power bank received however in th bill it is mentioned with free power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "A hift from Maa on my bday!  Feels great to be a part of Moto g family! Excellent phone. Amazon delivered it just on time. Thanks!!About the phone.. it is the best povket friendly phone. I recommend."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "It's very quick service by Amazon India Pvt Ltd, Iam willing to say very big thanks to deliver my phone with in short period and about phone working Good there is no any default  iam Enjoying with my new phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "I have purchased Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black, VoLTE) on 15th Sept. From the first day I am having trouble with this mobile. I am facing following issues -1. Battery is getting drain very fast.2. I am having software issues in this ex - while playing music it gets stop suddenly, browser is getting opened automatically etc.When I contacted first time (19th Sept) to Amazon customer service they heard my issue and kept the call on hold for around 20-25 minutes. I did not hear from them. Same day again I called customer service and told the issue and the problem I had with my call to customer service. He said appropriate action will be taken for issue you had with the customer service and also he said that for moto phone you need to call between 10AM-8PM.At the same time I made return/refund request for this item and it was mentioned after the request you will expect a call within 24 hrs.I waited for 2 days. I did not get call. So again today I called customer service between 10Am-8PM to ensure that I will connect to moto customer service.I told the issue I am having with the mobile. They told me right now they are busy and will call me within 24 hrs.This is really frustrating I am having problem with my mobile from day one. Amazon doesn't care to resolve it. As far as I know Amazon is best but what I got this kind of service.Till now I did not hear from Amazon."
 [3] "Excellent Phone. Just Brought before one week. Great Built, Good Features, latest Android, good Battery Backup. and Superb Camera as per the expectations. If some one doesn't need a much larger (128GB) extended Memory, even the E3 Power is also a good option (32 GB).  Which is a thousand  rupees less than the G4 Play. The aesthetics are great. front and back camera works fine. The Only Thing i feel is it does not support well for screen mirroring with the HD TV. Other things to use your mobile for pics, Whatsapp, Messanger, etc works fine. Why to choose expensive phones for using only these applications. Go for it. Its a MOTO / Lenovo...One more thing I expect as different colour options."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "First off all I vouch for this product.Its a great phone to be used under the budget you are looking for.Display of the phone is vibrant, sturdy build quality, battery life is awesome.Camera is bit on lower side (but no complains) you can't expect be from the budget you are asking for.But lately, this is first time with Amazon shipping is really poor.Order first on 17th expected delivery was on 20th (good),but it extended to 24th.Again missed it, then assured was 25th missed.Then i put a complain via customer care service, got a replacement.The replace product ordered on 25th late evening, delivered on 27th evening."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Very good mobile performance also nice but the sim 2 is 2G. Only in description mentioned 4G+4G ,micro sim,nano with adapter but it's not working  but it's not a very big problem so I give 4 stars of Rating"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "I am using this phone last 10 days only i get issue that photo size is taken more than 1.5 MB per photo & phote get heated when i used to video call approx 25 min. Its get too much heated that i got scared."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "The mic for the phone is not working (within 25day of item purchase). I am not audible to other person on line while speaking through mobile but audible when Hands free is used.Tried speaking to Amazon Customer care - directing me to service center. The quality of products on Amazon has drastically gone BAD, in my last 5 orders - I have placed 3-4 RETURN/ REFUND due to item damaged/ not working/ bad quality etc."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Got one day delivery so no comments on delivery. Handset is light and screen is not so big and not so small 5\" display is enough for handy use. I have to see how it performs. Initailly I was confused with buying Moto e3 power and Moto g4 play then I came to know that the processor for Moto e3 power is less I.e 1GHZ( Media tek) and for Moto g4 play the processor is 1.2GHZ( Qualcomm snapdragon  420 processor 420) the media tek processor is not so good. Even though they are providing 2GB RAM for Moto e3 power but there should be a better processor to handle the ram so I dnt go for Moto e3 power but it has got bigger battery (3500 mah) than Moto g4 play. Moto g4 play has got battery of 2800mah which is also not so low. So I finally conclude that if u compromise with the battery then Moto g4 paly is far better than Moto e3 power."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "very veeeeeeery good as i thought. Its camera is good looking also nice. But there is a problem that its price is too as compare to another same features phones like redmi 3s. Excepts this all are amazing."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Mobile features are very good, 4g Connectivity is excellent, back and front camera are quite ok, Speed is decent, Battery backup is average, lasts for 8 hrs, Display and HD quality is good, Android marshmallow Software doesn't gets hang during multitasking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "The product was received on time and it is functioning well.however there is issue with regards to charging. while charging its battery gets little hot rest the phone has all the feature and works fine."                                                                                                        
 [2] "Not a good phone. I m facing the problem of dual SIM function, its not working properly and phone is very slow in performance. I can't give more than 2 star.This was my first and last moto phone and i m much disappointed with this"                                                                            
 [3] "I am using Moto G3 before which I bought for 11k. Compared to that phone this phone is slim , light weight, fast charging.. But one problem based is speaker clrity. Speakers are not that much clarity.."                                                                                                         
 [4] "Yet another amazing stock android phone by Motorola.Been using this phone since two weeks, no issue so far.Don't complain about this phone, this is what you can expect in this budget."                                                                                                                           
 [5] "best phone looks clean the phone is getting android 7.0 in the future quick charging is realy a handy feature in this price range the only problem is it does not have a notification led not a big thing for me but for those who consider pls take a note of it because moto e3 power which is ₹1000 less has it"
 [6] "Its a very good product i ll be used for last 3 month there is only one problem tht OTG cable cant perform directly hope that this problem should resolve in next update..overall a good phone under 10k"                                                                                                          
 [7] "Got the package on 12 Oct..Phone is good as described delivery took longer time than usual..may be due to Festive bulk orders. I would be getting a Power Bank also with it soon...Its Touch, Camera, battery Performance all are up to the mark.."                                                                
 [8] "I am using this device for a week now and so far no issues found. No heating problem, battery charges in good amount of time. Rest of the things are also good. So would like to recommend this device to others as well."                                                                                         
 [9] "Great value for money,phone is light and ultra fast.Also one day delivery option worth for this little tech gem.I was an ios user and still enjoy android on this motog4.sensible suggesstion for those looking for decent looks with performance"                                                                 
[10] "I am using Motorola since very long & find it worth purchasing for good service & reliability. This mobile is handy & lovely too! I personally like Motorola make mobiles .. thanks for allowing me to pen down my feelings about the product.. I"                                                                 
 [1] "Phone is heating too much while performing video call or voice call"                       
 [2] "great experience..camera is also great..moto rocks...."                                    
 [3] "Not working after formatting on the very first day...keep asking for gmail account"        
 [4] "Amazing look but equals to 2gb ram performance speed thodi slow h"                         
 [5] "Bought it 1 month ago. No issues.motorola satisfaction guarented."                         
 [6] "I have not recieved the invoice mail for the phone i purchased Moto G Play,4th Gen (Black)"
 [7] "It is a good and handy item"                                                               
 [8] "Mobile is hang after purchasing 15days &battery get overheating."                          
 [9] "Product reached earlier from expected date of delivery dateGenuine product"                
[10] "A Worst phone. From day one itself it is getting too heat. Don't buy this phone."          
 [1] "Short Version:-Motorola,the best and known company for smartphones.Motorola's Moto G Play is one of the best budget phone and now a days i see lot of peoples owning it.My friends also own this device.So i looked at the features and some review on this phone!!Pros:-1.The display:- The display is of 5 inch (12,7 cm) HD display,which is comfortable to hold in your one hand.You can access the phone using your one hand only(not like other big display phone in which you need to use your both hands to use the phone)..This phone has a water repellent coating which will be safer when you carry this phone during rain.The display installed in this is tough and it is made of gorilla glass 3!!! Overall the display is perfect!!2. The camera:- Moto G Play has got a 8 MP primary camera with dual LED flash which is good to click a decent pictures.The primary camera can click a good pixel images in a day time and with the help of dual LED flash you can also click good pictures in dark too.The front facing camera is of 5MP which is also cool for selfie lover!!!3. Battery life:- Moto G Play has 2800 mAH Battery installed.You can say the battery life is good enough to use for 6-7 hours.Play games and watch movies with a good battery life. The phone has 10W Rapid charger in box for quick charging.At this price of the phone,the battery life is awesome!!4. The UI:- Moto G Play is Loaded with android v6.0.1 which is the latest stock android version.Motorola phones get OS updates fast, so the new update android Nougat will be soon on this phone!5. Specification & Performance:- Moto G play is equipped with 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon which is good enough to run the phone smoothly!!It has 2 GB ram which is quite good to get a decent performance of the phone.The internal storage is of 16 GB which is amazing and it can be expanded upto 128 GB!!! The phone supports 4G with VoLTE and it is a dual sim phone!Should you buy it?Yes. This is your best bet,as Moto G Play is a budget phone and it is loaded with great and awesome features!! And also Motorola is a brand so you can believe in the production quality and customer service facilities.Conclusion----------------At this price and looking at the features of the phone like good quality build,dual sim,good internal storage,decent ram,good quality display,amazing performance and with decent cameras,it is a good option to buy for those who are looking for a decent performance smartphone under 10k!!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thanks I hope you like my review!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Light Weight ,Good phone in this price. I got it in 7999 ,When you use headphones in public area/market sound is very low.Speed is good ..3 months and still no hanging problem. Camera is nice. If you are not considering sound/music imp. go for this ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Great phone but the packaging was equally worse as the phone I received was dusty.Also although other Moto phones come with a screen guard mine was without it and the customer support says they cant help me with it.Wow..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Awesome phone.......I got it for ₹7999 only.....it's the best budget phone.....the main advantage with Motorola phones is pure Android which is not with other company phones except Google....best phone under ₹10000"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "I'm not much of a tech-freak and neither do I know too much. This phone was recommended to me and I am loving it. It's easy to use, has sufficient storage and takes great pics. Kudos to Amazon for delivering it so fast too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "--------------------------------------------------------Moto G Play (4th Gen) Specifications:--------------------------------------------------------a) Display: 5.0” 720p HD (1280×720), 294 ppib) Dimensions: Height: 144.4 mm / Width: 72 mm / Depth: 8.95 mm to 9.9 mmc) Weight: 137gd) Operating System: ndroid(TM) 6.0.1, Marshmallowe) System Architecture/Processor: Up to 1.2 GHz, Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 410 quad-core processor with 450 MHz Adreno 306 GPUf) RAM: 2GB3g) ROM: 16 GB internal1, up to 128 GB microSD Card supporth) Battery: 2800 mAh, 10W quick charger gives 5 hours of power in only 15 mins of chargei) Rear Camera: 8 MP, f/2.2 aperture, LED flash, Tap (anywhere) to capture, 4X digital zoom, Burst mode, Auto HDR, Panorama, Drag to focus & exposure, 1080p HD video (30 fps)j) Front Camera: 5 MP, f/2.2 aperture, Display flash, Beautification mode, Best shot, ideo Capture 1080p, 30fps)k) SIM Card: Micro-SIM, nano-SIM with an adaptorl) Connectivity: Micro USB, 3.5mm headset jack, Bluetooth version 4.1 LE, Wi-Fi: 802.11 b/g/n (2.4 GHz)m) Networks: 4G LTE (VoLTE), UMTS / HSPA+, GSM / EDGEn) Water Protection: Water repellent nano-coatingo) Sensors: Accelerometer, Proximity, Ambient Lightp) Base Color: Black or whiteq) Moto G Play Price in India: INR 8999• Key Specifications:Mot G Play  4th Gen has 5″ HD display. It  is powered by Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 410 processor with quad-core CPU and has 4G VoLTE capabilities. G Play (4th Gen) is equipped with upto 2GB RAM and 16 GB internal storage expandable to 128 GB microSD Card support. It has 2800mAh battery and comes with a 10W Rapid Charger that can charge the Moto G Play for upto  5 hours in just 15 minutes.Moto G Play 4th Gen will be available in Black and White colour options.• Camera:The rear camera is 8 MP camera and the front camera is 5MP. The rear camera has ƒ/2.2 aperture and a a camera sensor that uses larger-than-average pixels. It  shoots photos and videos at 30fps in 1080p.  The 5MP front facing camera has beautification mode and Best Shot mode to help the user take better selfies.• Durability:For durability, the Moto G Play has a water-repellent nano-coating that can protect it from minor spills and splashes of water.• Battery:With a 2800 mAh battery, you can go from morning to night without worrying about battery life.Moto G Play, 4th Gen comes with the 10W rapid charger, which gives you 5 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging.• 4G Volte Speed:The new Moto G Play, 4th Gen runs at 4G speed and supports VOLTE, so you can get to the good stuff faster. Stream videos and music smoothly without any annoying stops and starts. And browse the web without waiting for pages to load.-------------------------------------------------------------------Reasons to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Pros):-------------------------------------------------------------------1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.--------------------------------------------------------------------------Reasons Not to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Cons):--------------------------------------------------------------------------1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor."
 [7] "Good budget smartphone with very good design and build quality, 5 inch crisp and bright hd screen , 2 gb ram , snapdragon 410 quade core processer wiht snappy performance 8 mp rear and 5 mp front camera with very good picture quality and 2800 mah battery whish easily last for 1 day with moderate usage and stock android 6 on top."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "You can blindly trust moto now! They're providing high quality mobile phones at reasonable prices. This is the 5th phone from Motorola in my family and everyone is quite satisfied.Camera is awesome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Well, you can buy it you fit one or all of the descriptions given below1) a light gamer and one who needs the turbo charging2) one who surfs internet continuously, searching, chatting, shopping on different sites, using the locations services and to watch some videos and all3) one who doesn't need an extraordinary camera clarity (8mp is average)4) one who needs a good/average battery5) one who needs a budget phone with a great UI and also the brand name of moto6) one who wants the stock android experienceBefore buying, do check if moto service centers are available in or near your city. Since this is more of an online exclusive phone, they won't let you replace or return it. You might have to go to the service center for help if you get a defective model or anything like that.(I'm just being negative don't worry :-D ). Do check.Also, if you are willing to spend an extra 4 to 5k,you can buy the moto g4 4th gen which has the fingerprint technology, a better camera, 3000mah battery and a better processor.But, if you are looking for a budget phone, then go ahead with this one. Don't expect a lot of stunning features for the price. As I've mentioned earlier, this is just a budget phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Motorola Moto G4 PlayFirst thing -  Motorola/Lenovo Brand Produce high Quality Product , No Question about this?Motorola Moto G4 Play is Good Phone at this Price Range ,You are getting this Phone Under 9K . {If you want discount Read till last}Moto G4 Play, Screen size is 5.00Inch with Hd Resolution with 294 DPI Gives High Quality Visuals.It is  powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM and 8MP camera and 5 MP (Rear) Camera.This Phone is simply  next Generation  Phone. It is 4G LTE compatible , You can Enjoy Free 4G from Jio till dec 2016============= IN THE BOX=============1. One Moto G4 Play2. One Battery3. Earphones4. Wall Charger5. Warranty Card6. Manual/Docs==================List of Pros / Good==================1. Screen Quality is Wonderful even not FULL HD  And good viewing angles.2. 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset Good For Price.3. 2GB RAM is Good Enough4. Graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Chances to Stay Update with O.S6. 10Watt Rapid Charger=================List of Cons / BAD=================1.  Camera is not very good in LOW LIGHT. (Only Low Light)2.  Thickness of 9.9 mm3.  No Fingerprint Sensor included.4.  No Physical Touch Navigational buttons .5.  No Gyroscope sensor ( You cannot enjoy VR )==========VERDICT========== Good but nothing to impress.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------How to save more money on this Product :1. Indian people celebrates 3650 Festival in 365 days. So if you don't need it urgently Just wait for a Some offers from the bank  You probably get 10-15% direct discount on the price.Now if you want this Product in Urgently then wait a minutes and Read it -You Need Help of Your Friend to get discount, Just ask your friends to send you Gift card of amazon they will receive 5% Discount (gift your self ). 90% of time amazon has a offer on his gift cards. You can get 5% Direct discount on gift card . Gift card Discount offer is available 360 days out of 365 day in a year .So if a Product Price is 10000 then you can get 500 Rupees discount. But you have to spend 10-20 minutes to get it .So you can grab this or any product with minimum 5% discount .------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------=============Tips For Buyers==============1. Amazon always running some offer like Festival offers :- Check them on HOME PAGE of AMAZON.2. Buy Gift Cards for Shopping : You can Get Some Discounts by using them .3. If you Get this Review Helpful Please Thumbs Up ! :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Good phone, only in low light rear camera picture quality is not bad."       
 [2] "Nice phone , Product Quality too Good"                                       
 [3] "God phone no hiting and battery backup I like mobile and it's worth for 9000"
 [4] "Good smartphone at this price with a great build quality. Value for money."  
 [5] "not working properly"                                                        
 [6] "Great cell phone. Working amazing!"                                          
 [7] "Slightly thicker. Working satisfactorily."                                   
 [8] "Good product as compared to other phones in this range."                     
 [9] "Not send my invoice to my email  id  and product was very nice and good"     
[10] "Worth for Money.."                                                           
 [1] "Good service from Amazon...And awesome Moto g4 play smartphone"        
 [2] "phone is best but long time internet use than heating problam."        
 [3] "Awsome phone ..i love moto .not hangging issue. camera quality so good"
 [4] "Its really nice... If the screen size is slight big it will more nicer"
 [5] "I've bought 2 moto G play in a 1 months gap, great feel touch finish." 
 [6] "Item is good, but no cashback recieved.Irresponsible behaviour."       
 [7] "Very good mobile in this price range."                                 
 [8] "Just too good😉"                                                        
 [9] "Overall performance is good phone.are u looking for budget it's worth" 
[10] "It is definitely a good mobile handset. Awesome one."                  
 [1] "The product is good, but I still don't receive my cash back."       
 [2] "Nice mobile it works well nice product bye Motorola"                
 [3] "Decient phone camera quality not bad not so good..."                
 [4] "Light weight and awesome mobile... gud and cost is also gud"        
 [5] "aweome packaging .awesome service very good quality worth the money"
 [6] "best in class phone by Moto"                                        
 [7] "audio doesnt work pls dont buy this phone."                         
 [8] "The phone is awesome a budget phone for buying at lower price 9000" 
 [9] "Overall Good so far.Battery backup is good."                        
[10] "Amazing phone at this cost"                                         
 [1] "My review and feedback is about the experience during the first day of me owning this device and not the devide performance itself.It all started well by AMAZON delivering this in one day. However from the start the SD card was not detected. It turned out that it was actually detected but was reported as corrupt (a Class 10 SANDISK). I called up the MOTO/AMAZON and both suggested me to try to other cards, which I did and had similar results. Since I had called in the evening ... AMAZON helpdek asked me to call up in the morning so that there tech support can help. However to my surprise I was told that the tech support was dissolved recently - this is after me installing the SMARTchk app and not finding any issue.When I took it to the MOTO care, it tool me about 2.5 hours to get my turn as there were several other customer with a range of issue - I was very surprised to know that there were many like me with brand new phone. When I got my slot, I was told that they will do a software update and this took another hours and did not make any difference. All this time AMAZON kept saying that I should get a DOU from the customer care and then they will replace the phone - always indicating that it is straight forward. I am disappointed at AMAZON as they were not being frank here.The actual process is that the MOTO care took my phone and escalate this to MOTOROLA. Based on their response, they will decide if a replacement can be given. So I paid for a new phone and cant use it, had to waste my entire day to get my phone fixed. All this for trusting a brand like MOTOROLA.I have multiple REDMI phones back at home and wanted to try the same this time too. Now I feel that I made a terrible mistake buying a branded cheap chinese phone from Lenovo."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Great phone with pure Android experience.Battery lasts for almost two days with standard usage. Camera is much more refined compare to Moto G3. 8MP is enough to solve your purpose. 4G VoLTE compatible.Still its internal competition is with Moto E3. It had all the same specifications.But Moto G4 Play is getting Android N updates."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "It is good phone....Battery is sufficient for all day..But screen quality is less if compare to other phones in same rangeIt have removable battery which is very hard to find now adaysU can blindly order this hehe"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Firstly Packaging was very poorPhone is nice.. not such heating as many of them says.. a little bit warm but not overheat.. display quality is not as good... ppi is only 295 on 5inch screen.. I worries me.. also it lacks compass sensor and gyroscope.. it'll affect routing.. but on this budget phone I'm happy..Those who wanna know more about this phone... contact meEmail : hilasm12@gmail.com"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "This is one of the best phone in this price range.I purchased this phone around 2 month ago from that time I have not received a single issue in my phone.If you are planning to buy a new phone under Rs 10,000 then this is the best phone.Camera quality and Battery life in this phone is superb. Battery last for around 1 days after full days uses."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Received for rs 6650 duringsale ...I must say it's a very good phn...stocking feel....always way better than the Chinese UIs... GUD looks and feel...no hanging issues...but not for heavy user... Battery backup very very good....overall a worthy purchase... Touch is really awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Very professional. Lot of internal space allocated. Heating is due to turbo charging.Work with Jio 4g and free call using Volte"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Delivery took a long time.Phone hangs ocassionally and apps keep on crashing time to time.It overheats a lot while messaging as well.The charger charges pretty fast but becomes too hot after sometime.But the camera and everything else is just superb."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "it was mentioned that there is a free power bank. but i didnt recieve. could i please know why ?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "#designPro: The Moto G4 is lightweight and packed with solid hardware.Con: Missing features like NFC are kind of a bummer.#DisplayPro: By making the display smaller in the G4 Play, it makes the device easier to grip.Con: Unfortunately, the display has a lower resolution — which makes it less sharp than the other G4 devices.#User InterfacePro: The lack of clutter in the operating system makes the G4 Play much more intuitive than other Android devices.Con: The lack of bells and whistles makes it less appealing to consumers that want higher end smartphones. For example, you won’t be able to record in 4K using the G4 Play nor does it have a fingerprint sensor.#ProcessorPro: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor is sufficient for handling productive tasks using the G4 Play.Con: It is unfortunate that the G4 Play has an outdated processor instead of a new one.#RAMPro: 2GB is a solid amount of RAM especially for a device that has a starting price of $99.Con: Even though the amount of RAM integrated in the device is substantial, the CPU is what drives the speed and that is slightly outdated.#CameraPro: Having 8 megapixels on the back and 5 megapixels on the front with a starting price of $99 is a solid offering.Con: The camera on the Moto G4 Play tends to struggle in low light conditions and the video recordings can be a bit shaky.#BatteryPro: The 2,800 mAh battery ensures that you could have as much as a day or a day and a half of phone usage available.Con: The charger that comes with the G4 Play embedded so you can detach the USB cable and connect it to your computer. I would recommend buying a separate Quick Charge 2.0 charger instead of using the one that comes in the box.#StoragePro: The ability to expand up to 128GB using a microSD card is convenient. This means you can save a ton of music, photos and video files on the device with the additional storage. Plus Google offers unlimited photo storage through Google Photos, which is seamlessly integrated into the Moto G4 Play.Con: The internal storage options seem to be on the lower end of the scale for smartphones for what you would expect in 2016. Storage tiers offered by other smartphones generally start at 32GB and then go as high as 256GB.Overall ImpressionIf you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons. With a starting price of $99.99 unlocked and support for all four major U.S. carriers, it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."
 [1] "This is a good phone for the price of ₹8,999/-. The touch sensitivity is good. Battery lasts for 4 days as I mostly use it on wifi at home. Throughout the day I get about 3-4 calls only. Plus the camera quality is decent. Overall it lives up to the reputation of Motorola brand."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Good mobile ,Speed of phone is good,Good camera,Budget phonePositives.....camera , speed,qualityof moto Brand,speed charging,Negative.....only heating when phone is charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Things that i dont like1) you have to take the battery out for removing sim and memory card2) no android 7.0 nougat yet3) not a big battery like moto e3 power, which costs 1000 rs less4) back texture on the back panel is sticky and attracts dust5) no twist to turn on camera mode, huge let down6) camera bump7) headphone jack is on top left corner, really dude??...This phone is just a basic phone and should be used to do basic stuff, if you do intensive stuff that includes gaming, this wont provide you a good experience...Headphones are bad, really bad...Charger is white in color, will get dirty easily...I dont like the included ringtones...I will update this as i find more things"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Have been an iPhone user for quite some time and never gave respect to Android phones. But this phone has changed my perception. This is great value for money phone. Good camera, easy browsing, simple settings, very responsive like iPhone. Think this is one of the best sub 10k options."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "Phone was good.Great sound quality & features that u see in usual android phones.Brand with trust !!! 😀😀😀"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Decent Phone.Good battery and GREAT charging time.Display is super awesome.No bloatware.Sound quality is wonderful.Connectivity is good.Wifi has some problems now and then but I think it's probably because of my router and not the phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Sbi cashback available on moto g??? ??? (7999-1199{15%cashback in mob app} =6800 rupees])"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "the delivery was fine but few things were not correct:1. The phone was pattern locked ( don't understand how it is possible). had to do factory reset.2. there was an offer of a 10,000mah power bank at the time of buying. It was not supplied."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "In this I've showed you the detailed durability and reliability tests of this Moto G4 Play. Do read till the end.°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°This phone is a good budget headset by Motorola and this phone passes some durability tests too.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++As this phone features a Corning Gorilla Glass, on the Moh's scale of hardness, it scratches at level 6 and 7.♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪The Dual LED flash of rear camera is made of plastic and it's perfectly fine.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Talking about the Burn test, the pixels starts to burn at about 9-10 seconds and restores to normal after some seconds.«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»Talking about the Bend Test, this phone does not bend easily, but after some hard pressure the phone starts to bend a little but does not break in between. So, it passes our bend test.:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:So, go for this phone it's absolutely a good but not the best budget phone.It's major PRO, I would say is it's 'Gameplay Power' and major CON is the 'Rubber Build at back'"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "This phone definitely delivers a lot more than its asking price !I use the phone mainly for emails, social media and of course to make phone calls and it is flawless and very snappy, thanks to the pure  version of Android.The IPS display is great and very easy on the eyes unlike some of the AMOLED screens of which I'm not a big fan. Text looks great and not pixelated at all.Touch is very sensitive and has a great feel to it.Battery is more than enough to get your day covered. On moderate to heavy use it wouldn't be a problem to get it through the day.I don't use the phone for gaming and so can't comment on that. But simple gaming shouldn't be a problem.Didn't face any issue with WIFI and Bluetooth. Speed of WIFI is  good as well.And finally, I've been using the phone for a week now and absolutely no heating issues so far. The phone remains surprisingly cool even when I use it while it is charging.Edit after using for about 3 weeks now..Still agree with all the points mentioned above.Rear camera is adequate outside in day light but suffers greatly for indoor shots or less lit area. Also camera not good enough for scanning purpose to use with apps like Genius scan.GPS was having trouble finding satellites inside car. I had to put it beside the car's front glass for reception and still it was little sluhgish. My old iPhone 4s used to work great even if I had it in the front rear seat or cup holder near the gear area.But we are talking about a 9000 rupees phone with good brand value.On balance, I'm still totally satisfied with my purchase considering its snappy experience, good screen, great battery life, absolutely no heating issues and pretty quick charging.However if camera is your top most priority, then you might want to keep looking."
 [1] "I've been using the phone for a week now, and I'm super impressed! Smooth interface, elegant touch, the cameras are great, too! Doesn't heat even a bit, and the battery easily lasts a day. Doesn't support fast charging, but charges a lot faster than average. Overall, it's super snappy and delivers an amazing experience. Moto has truely offered a lot for the money!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "HELLO FRIENDS MOTO G4 PLAY IS A STYLISH PHONE AND HAVING PRETTY DECENT SPECS TOO.THIS IS MY HONEST REVIEW AND MY EXPERIENCE WITH THE DEVICE.IN THE BOX1.THE G4 PLAY ITSELF2. USB CABLE3. TURBO CHARGER4. BASIC EARPHONES5. MANUALS AND WARRENTY GUIDEDESIGN AND SCREENThe Moto g4 play has a full plastic built. The back and the battery are removable where you will also find the micro SD card slot and dual 4g SIM card slot, it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine. Feels very light while holding. It doesn't have the finger print scanner. it works pretty well for both calls and media consumption. The 5 inch display is decent, it's only 720p but colours looks decent and vibrant, with decent amount of brightness, but the viewing angles are not that great the colours gets washed out in some angles. The display is not better than the Redmi note 3 or the coolpad note 5, but it gets the job done.PERFORMANCEthe Moto g4 play has the snapdragon 410 processor with the ADRENO 306 GPU and 2 GB of ram, the processor works great for day to day usage and casual gaming, it also handles heavy usage pretty well but the gaming performance is not that good, there is a lot of lagging in heavy games. The multitasking of this phone was pretty average with the 2 GB I was able to only run 4-5 apps in the background. The Moto g4 play runs on the android 6.0 marshmallow with the stock android UI on top of it, the UI is very nice it doesn't have much bloat ware right out of the box. I personally love the stock android looks, but many people don't like it much.CAMERAThe 8mp rear camera is pretty average, under natural lighting, the dynamic range is okay, with decent colour reproduction but sometimes the exposure compensation doesn't work that good, the low light performance is pretty bad, there is a lot of noise in the images. The camera does shoot videos in 1080p resolution but again the video quality is pretty average. The front facing 5mp camera is okay the images looks a bit over saturated for me but it is nice not great.BATTERYThe 2800 MAH battery is pretty average as well, you may get a day of battery life on moderate usage. But it is not good for heavy users or gamers. The g4 play does support fast charging and comes with the turbo charger, it takes around 2.5 or 3 hours to get fully charge.THE PROS1. DECENT BUILT2. DUAL SIM WITH 4G VoLTE SUPPORT3. MICRO SD CARD SLOT4. GOOD FOR DAY TO DAY MODERATE USAGE5. DECENT DISPLAY6. DECENT SPEAKERTHE CONS1. AVERAGE CAMERA2. AVERAGE BATTERY LIFE3. NOT GOOD FOR MULTITASKING OR INTENSE GAMING4. NO FINGERPRINT SCANNER5. NO GYROSCOPE MEANS NO VR SUPPORTTHE MOTO G4 PLAY IS A PRETTY AVERAGE SMART PHONE WITH AVERAGE SPECS, IT IS ONLY GOOD FOR MODERATE USERS AND THOSE WHO LOVE STOCK ANDROID EXPERIENCE, FOR PERFORMANCE WISE THE REDMI NOTE 3 PERFORMS BETTER IN PROCESSING, CAMERA, AND BATTERY PERFORMANCE. BUT YOU HAVE TO SPEND SOMEWHAT MORE MONEY……"
 [3] "Best Mobile for the ppl have tight budget of less than 9K.Moto.. no need to say much about it as everything you need in this budget is there in the phone.Good:1. Speed/No lags2. Simplistic UI3. Sturdy and good grip4. Call quality is good5. Average gaming without heating prob & many more..Bad:1. Camera quality could have been more better.2. Battery could have been more bigger.Thanks Amazon for discount and quick delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Nice phone from Moto✓battery seems good after 1 months of usage.It lasts for 1 full day even after 3-4hours internet usage.Turbo charging charges up the phone in less than 1 hour.✓ There is only 1 Speaker both for loud speaker and for hearing callers voice. Sound quality is just ok , needs improvement by moto.✓ Ram is 2gb but 1.2Ghz quad core processor is not enough for gaming and heavy multitasking and will definitely show some lagging , but with normal use and light multitasking it is perfect.✓  Front Camera (5 Mpx) is very good in this range (it have a screen flash but no LED flash) but rear camera(8 Mpx) with single LED flash is ok , image noise is there and its just satisfactofy✓ Heating issues still not seen with normal usage but with heavy multi tasking gaming phone gets heated up a bit and cools  after screen is kept off for few minutes✓ There is no notification light ; back home and windows button are on screen making actual visual screen a bit small.✓ The earphone supplied with the phone is very bad, seems moto has severly compromised with the quality of the earphone. Sound gets distorted after increasing above 65-70% volume."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "I bought this on September 10. Since October 17, the battery inadvertently gets heated up. This has no set pattern. Sometimes while charging sometimes while using the phone. No particular pattern. I am no gamer, so it heats up in normal usage. Writing to Lenovo customer care, directed me to Motorola Customer care. This is what they have to say:Uninstall one by one application and check with the device performance.1. Reduce the brightness to Auto or lower down the brightness levels under Settings--Display-Brightness2. Reduce the sleep timeout- under Settings--Display-Sleep-Set it to 30 sec3. Disable live wallpaper ( if any) under Settings--Display-Wallpaper4. Close all the background applications. Educate customers to close all recent applications properly.5. Turn off Wi-Fi when not required,Using camera for extended period of time leads the device to heat.6. Turn off 3G when not required7. Turn off Bluetooth when not requiredEven after following this if the device exceeds please do a factory reset. Basically don't use the phone.Samsung at one point of time wanted the Note users to charge their battery only up to 60%. Avoided Samsung to get stuck with the same issue.Anyone else facing the same issue? It  worked very well for 45 days and then the battery started heating up. Has anyone faced a similar issue? Please bear this in mind before making a purchase. The customer service has been a pain. Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Very poor camera ,And headset repair ,No video call on jio 4g,Only advantage quick charging ,2gb ram good ,Only one sim only 4g volte another one 2g onlyBetter buy redmi (it's primary camera is 13 )and good comparing moto g4 playOnly plus is it has marshmallow ...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Best Smartphone for parents !!!My mom loved it !!!Camera is good !!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "The Motorola G4 Play was presented as a gift to my wife, who is an extensive user of Whatsapp, imo and Facebook Messenger. She liked everything about the device including the texture of its back cover."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Phone is good without any issues.But Amazon is fooling with their promotions.They gave around 8 offers at the time of sale.It was said that we will get Rs.1000 giftcard but not yet received.The powerbank offer is not yet redeemed.The Airtel offer also won't work saying that your handset is not applicable for the offer.There were lot more promotions on the day I bought this handset,You are so Lucky AMAZON  B**** I forgot them.F*** you AMAZON for your dumb promotions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Battery Back Up is not Good. If you are looking for a good battery backup don't go for this.RAM doesn't feel like its 2 GB of RAM.Camera Quality is average not up to the mark.Look is average.Good thing  about phone is durability and you can use both DUAL sim and a memory card. You can use it hassle free for 1 Year without going to service center.I think Motorola can offer a better phone in this range but they don't want to stay in the market.Only reason to go for this phone is other with other phones you have to go to service center within 3 months."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Thanks to Amazon for ₹1000+300 Cash back. This is a great phone at this price .phone looks great in hand ant it is very light weighted. It has old cpu & gpu but bcz of stock android & moto brand Hardware and software optimised very well. It charges very fast with one day battery backup. Both the cameras are very good. I didn't face any lack or hang.Moto display works very good.Sound is very loud. But earphones are waste in nowadays trends so I bought premium earphones and it doesn't have gyroscope . Overall product is decent. Performance is very good. Stock android lovers go for it.I have Redmi 3s too which has sd 430 octacore cpu. I didn't like MiUI so I bought moto g4 play. I compare these two and saw that moto g4 play is faster than Redmi 3s in every task. My friend have Redmi 3s prime which is little faster than moto g4 play.Redmi devices has everything but nothing special.I'm satisfied with this moto g4 play"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Guys, i am using moto g4 play since 2 weeks .I want to share my experience .So these are things that i like about this phone:- this is a light weight phone that is really good- it supports sd card . So no storage problem- i dont find any lags since i bought this phone- heating problem is less- i bought white colour model which looks really good than black one- camera is average- batery is also average but it support fast charging so no complain for batteryAnd these are things that i dont like:- i doe's have fingerprint scanner-  body is of plastic- price should be cheaper as the redmi 3s is really awesome phone in 9000 price range- all the moto action are missing like flick to open camera . Which i really dont like- thats all :-)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "There's rs1000 cash back on giftcard. If I use state Bank debit card what will be the offer then? 15percent off or 1000 cashback?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "The Moto G4 Play and Moto E3 Power are currently the best offerings by the Lenovo owned Motorola. If you're not really a fan of Chinese deviceslike Redmi, Coolpad, Meizu or OnePlus, Motorola devices have really proven themselves to be quite long lasting companions.Now, within the budget segment of 10K, we've these 2 phones and without much delay I would like to review how both these phones fair against each other.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Build Quality:->-----------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the extra grill.The back of E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Screen & Display:->------------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has Moto Display and One Handed Mode, the E3 Power doesn't have them.Performance:->-----------------------The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Storage:->---------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play come with 16GB of Internal Storage. You get upto 11GB free on E3 Power while around 10.5GB on the G4 Play. Both the phones support USB OTG.Expandable Storage:E3 Power: 32GB via MicroSD CardG4 Play: 128GB via MicroSD CardCamera:->----------------Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery:->---------------While the E3 Power comes with a 3600maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 3.5 hours to 4 hours to fully charge the device.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.4G Network & Jio:->-------------------------------Both Moto E3 Power and G4 Play support VoLTE (Band 40) and can be used with a Reliance Jio Sim Welcome Offer. Yes, you can dial numbers from Stock Dialer without connecting to Mobile Data. Bear in mind that the phones reach upto a temperature of 40.C when continuously on 4G.Battery Life on 4G:->-------------------------------With continuous 4G usage, the E3 Power can last for 6 to 7 hours while the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours.Software & OS:->--------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play with 14 other devices will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion->--------------------The E3 Power proves to be the obvious choice if you want a device that performs better on battery life as well as the Camera. The E3 Power is available every Monday via Flash sales on Flipkart for Rs 7999.The G4 Play although has a smaller battery is a better performer with the powerful CPU and higher capacity for storage via MicroSD Card. The G4 Play will also get the Nougat Update.If you're not into heavy usage and Android Updates, the E3 Power should be your choice."
 [5] "The phone i received had some small scratches on the edges and i was a lil disappointed with it.The phone gets heated up a little quickly and also the camera isn't that great.However, performance wise, it is a good phone with pure android experience at an good price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Volte supports only in Sim 1... otherwise it's a very good product and worth for this price 😉"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "I am an old customer of Moto phones and everytime I was totally satisfied the phone in every aspect. But this time I am really disappointed because all my apps are getting stopped everytime. So please help me out with this problem. And the phone is all good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "This mobile may not have the latest processor, biggest battery or bigger ram; what this phone has got right is pure lag free and problem free experience. I am using this mobile since last 8 days.Battery easily lasts for the day and then some more.Call quality is clear to both caller and callee.There are no heating problems.There are no software glitches.There are no wifi/network issues.This mobile is going to get Android N update.Obviously, this mobile is not meant to play heavy graphics games, considering that it plays Temple run, Subway surfers smoothly. No lag whatsoever. There are a couple of nitpicky things tough. First one being, the display may be little bright for you to use at night (lowest intensity on g4 play = g2 on lowest), other being this mobile does not feel that premium but with a good case you may get that feel."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "DesignThe Moto G4 Play has a thin frame at 9.9mm and the weight is 4.83 ounces (0.31 pounds). At the top-front of the G4 Play is a front-facing speaker. And at the bottom is the micro USB charger port. The 3.5mm headphone jack is at the top of the G4 Play.On the back of the G4 Play is a plastic cover and it can be peeled from the bottom. The edges of the G4 Play are rounded, making it easier to grip in the palm of your hand. The Moto G4 is available in two colors: black and white.What features seem to be missing from the G4 Play? The G4 Play does not have a fingerprint sensor like the G4 Plus does. And the G4 Play is not as durable as devices like the Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 7 because it does not come with an IP rating. And it does not have near field communications (NFC). However, the G4 Play does have water repellent nano-coating so it is protected from splashes and rain."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "its a decent phone but think twice before you buy this one. G4 Plus is much better option if you can spend couple thousands extra. morever, amazon has changed their return policy so that you can not replace or return phone unless its a damaged one.. so you cant change your mind after purchase.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "No, I'm not joking! The first photo, in broad daylight, blew my head off! Second photo, macro shot in the complete darkness, DSLR beating!! Oh yeah! This phone would never let you down in any terms! Totally value for money! If you don't believe me, head over to my profile to se the photo samples: [...]"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "A very budget oriented smartphone by Motorola. I've been using this phone for last one month,it works perfectly as usual...here are some pros and cons...PROS:::::>1. a very good build quality.2. decent display.3. touch working smoothly.4. ram management quite correct.5. usable internal memory also a plus point,not so many pre installed apps given by Motorola.6. sound is pretty loud and clear both in loudspeaker or earphone.7. removable battery.8. camera quality is okay.9. battery life also okay with 1 and half day usage.10 the friendly UI given by stock android marshmallow,also up-gradable to Nougat.11. it also supports quick charge.CONS:::::>1. yes,it has the outdated snapdragon 420 processor.2. slight heating issue,actually it's the common factor of all Motorola phones.3. if you are a heavy gamer so please don't buy it.4. the camera quality is not so good as moto g4 plus or moto g3,but better than redmi phones.So I am personally satisfied with this product,if you are a brand lover...then go for it.otherwise there are lots of chines phones with greater specifications in this price segment.choice is yours..."
 [3] "Excellent phone in this price range. Been using it since Oct'16, haven't faced any sort of lag yet. The battery sometimes drains quicker than expected. Could have done better with a 3500 mAh battery. Camera is great, voice quality is alright."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "After using Moto g4, Moto x play, Moto Nexus i bought this one for my Jio volte.After using obe day here is my review:Pro:1. Awesome Build quality2. All aps running smoothly without lag3. Running games smoothly4. Speaker sounds awesome5. Camera good in class better then Swipe, Infocus.6. Fast charging and battery back awesome7. Display quality better.8. Removable battery.Cons:1. NoneThanks Moto for making awesome phones."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "Good mobile for those who don't care much about the Specifications of the phone. Nice no non sense UI will get the job. Camera is good with nice bokeh. But in low light the image falls apart. Battery is good enough to last a single day with moderate usage comprising of calls and mobile data on all the time. But battery drains fast during gaming.Charges from 0 to 80% in about 35 mins. But takes about an hour and half for 100% chargeIt is not the best phone in this price segment. It cant stand against even the Redmi 4A which is much cheaper . But with stock UI and promised updates it should be fine for people who use their phone for normal tasks like calls,browsing,multimedia.For gaming you should look somewhere else.No Nougat Update as of 7th April 2017"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Using the phone for more than three months now. Shifted to MotoG Plus after using Moto G3. Moto G3 was absolutely fantastic and butter smooth. Same can't be said about this phone.Major problems with the Volume button. Lenovo has placed the volume button at the most idiotic position. U try to hold it in any way and the volume goes down on its own. Suddenly you realize that you have 10 missed calls because the volume went zero on its own. Another major problem is unstable home icons. They keep on moving at the slight touches.Battery life is average and sound output is very ordinary mono.Only good things are camrea, sharp screen and stock Android."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Received mobile without Power Bank  which is free with this product. Please send it immediately. Thanks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "The product was received on time. The packaging was good and met all the standards.The mobile looks good for average usage.One advise to the buyers.. Please know the limitations of your device. Pushing it beyond its limits would only bring disappointment.Rest, a great buy!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Thanks for Amazon for perfect delivery . Phone feels so classy and rich. Perfect weight neither heavy nor light. Before this i was using moto 2nd gen so just missing notification bulb. This phone is always better than g4 plus."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "I am using tis mobile for a week.i very much liked tis mobile.gud phone .Doesnt hang like my previous lenovo mobile.But the battery dries pretty fast tats the only issue in this mobile. Its worth the buy for under 10k mobiles."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Model is good but customer faith is low"        
 [2] "Good phone but speaker issues after a month use"
 [3] "Display problems in just one month of usage, :("
 [4] "is soooo good mi so happy this phone is amazing"
 [5] "Excellent mobile."                              
 [6] "The phone is worth money.. it's great!"         
 [7] "Not so good experience,voice clarity problems," 
 [8] "In a month it has to be send to service centre" 
 [9] "thanks."                                        
[10] "Good quality in this price catagory.."          
 [1] "Thanks to Amazon for prime service. Really good. Mobile looks good with good UI and decent performance but little heating issue while using internet but negligable.Both cameras are good but not up to the mark. Motorola is not like earlier after lenovo take over."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "First of all I don’t understand why Motorola is not launching all their G4 variants at once in India. I mean why one by one when all of them are at different price tag. Now lets move on to the topic of the post which is about the Moto G4 Play (4th Generation) pros and cons. However do note that the review points which I have mentioned below are based on facts rather than my personal taste. Reasons to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Pros):1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.Reasons Not to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Cons):1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor."
 [3] "For the genuine mobile user who don't have to show off brand, technical specifications etc... etc... and is looking for a reliable and sturdy mobile. Get this... I got it as a second one for my wife and right now she is using this as her primary mobile.Display is upto the mark and if you dont have craving for too many apps then this will work just great."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Thanks to Amazon for fast delivery....1) Excellent look2) Good Camera both Primary and Secondary on Day light... Moderate @ night3) Excellent Battery (Used 4G Mobile data for almost 9 hours and still 20% charge left)4) Thanks for giving the provision to use both sims and memory card... Both sim slot supports 4G and both micro sim5) Excellent fast charging.6) No lagging experience still now7) It behaves like phone not like iron box (like Chinese mobiles does)...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Smooth and all over performance are very.. very.. grat.. ...mast phone he.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Fine the mobile  volte band nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Mobile is very nyc...but when i buy this product there was 5 special offers like 500 rs discount on hdfc,100 % cash back and offer on book my show and Yatra cash upto 5000... i really have a trust on Amazon but? I need an explanation regarding this...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Top notch phone for the price. Have been using it for a few weeks without any issues whatsoever. Battery lasts over a day (and charges quickly). No heating issues. I mainly use it for audio and podcasts... so cannot comment on the gaming performance. No issues while playing Pokemon however. Very satisfied... and now waiting for Nougat update"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "phone is decent...what i really like that it's light weight as compare to motoG3 phone...overall phone is decent and smooth smart phone experience. If u r budget conscious and don't care about camera resolutions then u can consider this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "We have Moto G and Moto E3 currently in market. After all the study done, I chose this phone.Motorola has worked a lot on look and feel of this piece. Internal memory, after 10 apps installed, stays free.. 8gb for use.Moto is smart in giving only basic apps on its handset, so no Deleting task required.Android Marshmallow, smooth as butter. Beautify mode on Camera app is a bonus for Selfi lovers. 4G support and all features, this is a complete 5\" pkg in this cost.I would summarize my experience in below points.Primary Camera : 8/10 (According to MOTO brand, click sound is annoying)Look and feel : 9/10Weight : 10/10 (Very lightweight )Battery : 9.5/10Headphones : 9/10Color : 10/10Grip : 10/10Front cam : 7/10 (Expected better quality)Performance : 8.5/10 (Yet to do an extensive test)Overall, it is enough to compete Redmi 3s prime. Go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Good"                                      
 [2] "nice mobile"                               
 [3] "Frequent voice drops, poor speaker quality"
 [4] "good Phone"                                
 [5] "Unsatisfied with the Moto g4 play"         
 [6] "Mst phone he babaWater proof bhi he"       
 [7] "getting so hot while on call and charging" 
 [8] "Value for money.."                         
 [9] "Worth the Value"                           
[10] "Amazing Product"                           
 [1] "2 DAYS OLD PHONE - READ IT IF YOU WILLING TO BUY THIS ... I M SHARING IT COZ I WANTED SOMEONE TO TELL ME ALL THISPhone is motorola so you know the Build quality and the near stock android is the best stuff.Looks premium & feels premium (Especially in Black coz it won't look dirty and all unlike White ones)Display and touch is smooth ... no lags .. no shutter and no distortion.Charging is quick with the original chargerNo heating issues except the first time I charged it (the area around the speaker was a bit warm but not after that)Apps and all can be quickly installedHeadphones are standard MOTO ones - the fitting in not great though the sound is good ( I like the IN THE EAR ONES)Runs Marshmallow out of the box ... hope it gets the NOUGAT UPDATE SOONSpeaker quality & the earpiece (on call) is good. Loud & Clear. It beats other phones here. You will be able to hear the other person loud enough even in crowded or loud areasTHIS IS ALL FOR NOW - WILL SEE IF I CAN UPDATE MY REVIEW AFTER A WEEK OR SO"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "As always moto offers a good budget phone with good feature"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "For price range ₹8999/- it is just fine. But if u really need a dependable phone ..this one is for you than. It's better than e3 power coz of its better processor,it support hd video recording and front camera - screen flash. Also this will get android 7, where as e3 power will miss it.If u r bored of mi and other customized UI phones and looking for a clean simple and affordable phone i would recommend this to you.2Gb rams suffice all the needs . It wouldn't hang at all if its all about accessing multiple apps .. but you might phase in playing heavy games. Games like candycrush saga, temple run works flawless on the phone. Plus a dedicated micro sd  slot keeps it ahead of other phones. Using it from past 5 months but i didn't find a good reason to change it.Camera quality is good even with 8 MP shooter.Screen is crisp.Battery backup : full day with average user easily.Sound output: Good.Voice clarity: GreatN/w reception: Good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Bakwas phone ... Iam writing this review ofter two months used. Hanging ,heating, ..etc...phone doesn't have magnetometer which is provide in normal smart phone..and so...on ..waste of money better go with other Smart phone ...they providing better features than this in same costIam only one rating because there is no zero rating other wise i would have give zero..Earlier I used moto e and moto g 4plus ...they were better than this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "It's nice compare to Samsung pro 5 and Kenobi in the same price the battery pickup is good the display clearance is also good but software present lenovo is slightly bad I like pure 100% moto product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Every thing goodPros.Removable battery.5\".Ccamra.Ddesign.Outdoor brightness.Fast chargingCons.Camera photo  slow clear pixel after open.Display colour feel dull as compare with motog3.music Ringtone setting option not available.Gallery not available.Not Dolby speaker.camra led effect the eyes of all Motorola phones it is not soft canon camra led."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "The Moto g4 play Android smartphone is awesome. I am using Jio in the Android smartphone. Working well. The VoLTE feature help me to call directly, without using any other apps. Good for playing high speed and graphics oriented games such asphalt extreme, mortal Kombat, need for speed no limits etc. The Camera quality of the Android smartphone is awesome. There is a feature called exposure control by which you can control the amount of light exposure. The phone really very fast. Disadvantage is that there is a hole on the back side of the phone, the purpose of which is unknown. Also the microphone hole in the front side of the phone is unexpected as most of modern day Android smartphone hides the microphone hole. Sound quality is very good.Battery standby time is good. If you use the phone continue, with wifi or with Mobile Data, roughly 10 to 15 hours, the battery will last for 24 to 30 hours. The charger is a super fast charger. If you charge the Mobile with 10 percent battery then within 1 hour and 10 minutes the battery will be fully charged. Front camera is very good. Face detection feature is present in the phone. There is a feature of barcode scanner and QR code scanner inbuilt in the Camera. If take a photo of any product with barcode, QR code then the inbuilt scanner will scan the code immediately.I am very satisfied with the phone. The battery is also removable, which is not present in older Moto phones.Roughly 10 GB of internal memory is available for use."
 [8] "I received the package in a fair time in around 2 days on 24 Sep. Opened the package on 26 Sep Monday. The product looked like some used piece with color distortions on the panels and slight scratches. Overlooking, I inserted SIM and put it on charger. The lights were blinkering. Tried to  switch it on after half n hour. No results. Again tried after 1 hour and 1 n half hour with disappointment. The phone didn't switch on.I have requested a replacement/refund. Lets see what happens."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Product is good as per price tag and delivery was fastMotorola also Chinese phone but brand, quality not compromised!!I would recommend it for all looking for decent handset under 9k.. definitely yes!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Mobile is getting heat & resound while speak on phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Good phone. good service from amazon."
 [2] "Average phone"                        
 [3] "nice product at this price ."         
 [4] "Good Product"                         
 [5] "good product"                         
 [6] "nice"                                 
 [7] "good"                                 
 [8] "Nice phone and Amazon great"          
 [9] "Good product in this price."          
[10] "This mobile full of heating problem"  
 [1] "Happy to have my Moto Play 4th Gen." "best mobile"                        
 [3] "Poor performance and multitasking."  "The phone is very good. I like it." 
 [5] "Nice phone"                          "Good product.delivery was on time"  
 [7] "very good"                           "Satisfied"                          
 [9] "The phone is best in its class ."    "Nice phone,awwwwsome cam"           
 [1] "Good phone in this range"        "Cool as cucumber"               
 [3] "Hi price"                        "Very nice products no hanging ."
 [5] "Heating very muchhhhhhh"         "Worth for money"                
 [7] "Good product.. worth the money"  "This phone very nice i love it" 
 [9] "Good Buy for the price you pay"  "Overall Good Mobile..."         
 [1] "its good phone"                     "Amezing product in low budget"     
 [3] "Best peace in amazing price ."      "Very good phone at this price"     
 [5] "Excellent product !!!"              "Good."                             
 [7] "Shame on you."                      "Camera clarity super"              
 [9] "Love it"                            "Good phone both the cameras r good"
 [1] "All other features n photo is very good, but there is 1 bug in this model. The speakers of this Moto do not work if the WiFi is ON. e.g u cannot hear incoming call, songs or any other sound if WiFi is on.Once the WiFi is switched OFF the sound is audible.(speaker is working).Just received few updates, to get this bug rectified check for updates, the new updates should remove the WiFi n speaker bug."
 [2] "I have ordered in big billion day moto g4 play with free power bank but when i opened the box there is no power bank in it. It was very disappointing for me when there was no power bank in it.. later i spoke to cc and there are saying that i will get a voucher in nov which i can redeem that code and get back my power bank.. plzz let me know what the cc had told is true or false"                     
 [3] "I purchased it as a Diwali Gift for my Mom... :) It's a awesome phone in resealable price. Phone is worth it for its price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Bought it on first day and reviewing it after using it for 10 daysBuild quality is good plastic finish almost like moto g4performance is good using it after downloading approx 30 appCamera is decent could have been better,  performance is good. With the price tag of 9k it's value for money... Thought redmi 3s looks more attractivePhone has some issue in gps......navigation is very poor"             
 [5] "The overall performance is good.But not at par with redmi prime or redmi note.Though I have ordered black MotoBut they have provided white charger and white headphone which is absurd and have to notify earlier.2nd , message centre does not have notification separately.You can think this phone as entry level budget phone which looks handy in small hands."                                              
 [6] "I was very worried by seeing the reviews but still i bought it and i don't regret it. No problem except heating sometimes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "It is good to use but what about free power bank which was shown with it. I didn't get it so kindly make sure about that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "Nice mobile in this price multitasking is good,processor good and enough for daily use,display is better than normal hd mobiles and love it,Everything is good but only thing about camera it gives 8mp but picture seems to be 3mp,even my old mobile htc explorer 2012 version gives better picture quality,And camera sensor of moto g play very bad,a nd selfie with 5mp joke......."                         
 [9] "Good phone at such an affordable budget with needed facility ..... but no updates available for the latest version......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "I did not get my zook power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "The phone is pretty good but not sure if the update comes throughThey say it would but not sure the price is not very cheap but not very costly also i guess there are a lot of phone in this price range but since its Motorola it is a good buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Amazon gave me used and faulty product when i asked for new one. Mentioned in description that this phone is 4G + 4G support but second slot dosent work. With dual sim phone is almost useless as sim slot get disabled automatically. Both the slot of the phone stop work at least 10-15 times a day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "No issues with the phone. Buttery smooth. But haven't got ₹1000 cash back yet. Not sure why would Amazon do this..??"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Yet another great phone by Motorola, If you are not into too much gaming and just looking for everyday fuctionality like calls, messaging and social messaging platform (Whatsapp, FB,Insta..etc) Ideal phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "eamI recived the mobile phone but after i open the box i found the battery was little band position which is getting little unbalancing while insert the battery in phone. However its working but in future i dont know what wil happen.Kindly suggest me to further discussion."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "A candid review of this phone. I bought this phone 5 days back. Display is good with gorilla glass and response time for apps is quick.Rear camera quality is good and front camera quality is OK. Most important cons is that there is heating issue while attending calls ( with in 2 minutes the device gets heated), while using internet and while using camera. The glass screen at the voice receiver ( next to front camera) gets heated along with rear camera and flash light. The problem of heating is an irritating issue and heat is felt by ears while attending calls. Rest of the phone performance is fine. I believe Motorala could have taken care of this heating issue in this phone atleast while attending calls.One important note is that, there is no refund by Amazon for this phone. Amazon said that only replacement can be made but not the refund. I am sure it is not the problem with the phone, it is the problem with the phone architecture itself. Just beware of this issue.Thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Over heating.Mic is designed on body top so while talking if it covered then caller unable to hear.Over all bad quality.And much bad experience with Amazon, that if you have problem with your product  then they refuse to return in first. And if you press more then they will be say to follow full procedure for 15 days."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "I have gifted the phone to my husband on his birthday. He uses it and I must say that it's a good phone . The front camera is good but primary camera that is 8 megapixel but not so good. If u buy the mobile only for camera then I hv suggested u to not to buy it but as a phone user I must say this a budget good phone with good feature.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Moto g4 play comparison all goes with redmi 3s. Yes, its the fact that redmi 3s outplays the moto by specs.I am the owner of xiaomi mi4 and redmi note 3; in both the mobiles i faced proximity sensor problem.In mi4 i faced tons of problems.. so, i thought to give it a try with lenovo moto.I would frankly say the call quality is far bettrr than xiaomi phones.But the back cover is cheap plastic and my frank opinion is lenovo should have sold this fone for 8000 or more below...Next week motoe3 power is launching with almost same specifucation with less price...  So go for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Was actually confused b/w Moto E3 power and Moto G4 play. I am quite happy that I chose this one.Bought this one as a backup phone to my Nexus 6P and to activate my Jio sim with VoLTEPros:Bloody light weight-cant even feel its there in pocketDisplay - 720p over 5' is a much respectable dealBattery life -  dont go on the 2800mah figure - it will give you fantastic battery even on 4g LTE through out the day. Lasted me over 4 days on light, 2.5 -3 on medium and over 1 day on regular useWater repellent - always good to haveVoLTE - Welcome to JIO folks. No need of any apps for calling. Pick up and dialCharging time - pretty fast I would say. TBH i didnt check time but looks pretty fineDurability - pretty good with that light weight and added a tempered glass screen protector. I take it with me to gym for workout and I dont have to take extra care of it.Video Camera -  1080p video recording. Thats a win at this price!Selfie Camere - Meets above expectation !Nougat - This one is getting Android 7.0 Nougat in the coming months with in year end as promised my Motorola/LenovoCould have been better: (seriously nitpicking)Speaker volume - dont get me wrong, its ample for incoming call ringtone and alerts - little lacking on media consumption with mediaStill Camera Rear - Descent - \"Okay\"ish - serves the purpose. Dynamic range is off (I know I am bitching here)Under Amazon Prime got the product delivered the very next day - even when the weather was pretty darn screwed up here in Pune!Over all a great buy! Happy :)"
 [1] "Excellent mobile motog" "Hand set is quite good" "Net speed low and hang"
 [4] "Good product."          "Earphone are not good"  "Good."                 
 [7] "This is good product"   "Superb phone"           "Nice product"          
[10] "thank u moto"          
 [1] "good"                 "GOOD"                 "Nice"                
 [4] "Good one got in 6800" "Cash back nahi mila"  "nice and good phone" 
 [7] "Super phone"          "Best experience..."   "nice phone"          
[10] "love it"             
 [1] "The best thing about the phone is, its ultra smooth in operation, lag free, light weighted, with palpable UI, neat execution of processing apps and other functions.Its 3rd day of my use, i found the battery not to be of much great performance, but its very friendly for moderate or slightly high usage.I dont play games, hence cant comment flexibly if swift flow could be attributed to that function as well.Handset fits nicely on your palm, with a good back grip.The best adjective i can give is, Junior G3...A user who is looking for general smartphone functioning, with net usage, high/low and good music..should openly go for this.Budget, durable phone in this segment..Moto is a durable phone maker, people who venture for durability shall prefer moto first...Cheers!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Mic goes bad in week no replacement available.... Lenovo ate Motorola and farted out moto G4 play"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Working fine so far. Unlike my Moto G4 Plus, this one appears to have better cellular antennas, as this phone gets a stronger signal from the same SIM cards at the same locations. Camera is mediocre, front is good. They should have gone for a non-removable battery, would have been able to fit a larger battery that way. Near-stock Android and the fact that Motos are typically the first after Google phones to receive the latest Android updates is brilliant."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Nice product. Surely battery last for a day even if your are heavily using it . Gets charged to 80 percent within one hour. And good thing is going to get nougat update android 7.0 . Less preinstalled apps. So overall the phone is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "The product was ordered for my father,who is senior citizen. He is using the same approx 20 days. The product is very user friendly, battery back up is good (no gaming, no movie).  Camera quality is not good as compared to Moto g3"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Before i start let me tell you that i really hate brands like Xiaomi, Coolpad, Oppo etc.Not that there is anything wrong with them, it's just a matter of personal opinion.In comparison with the Redmi 3S prime and similary priced phones , the G4 play is on the lower end of the specs sheet.But that certainly does not mean it is less efficient or productive in any way.As a matter of fact, the stock Android and brilliant optimisation makes up for it.I have been using this phone for over a month now and these are the pros and cons :Pros:1.Amazing battery life.on paper 2800 mAH might not seem to be big, but the screen size, resolution and software tweaks/doze mode increases the battery life to a very good extent.2.The screen is pretty good for this price range.The viewing angles are good, colour reproduction is good and the 293 ppi is apt for a 5 inch screen.(1080p would have drained battery faster, been more tasking on the processor and is really an overkill for a 5 inch display)3.Camera: This is one of the best camera I've seen in a phone in the below 10K price range.The daylight photos are amazing.But the night-time photos are a bit grainy, but that can be fixed with filters and a bit editing.The front Camera too does not fail to impress.4.Software updates is the main reason i chose this phone over the e3 power as this will be getting the Nougat 7.0 update in December.5.Fast charging : This goes from 10-60 in about 30mins , and it takes another 45 mins to reach 100.Most of us really need only  60% for everyday use, so that shouldn't be a problem.Also Doze mode is very good at minimising power usage while the phone is not in use.Heavy users can charge it early in the morning in case they need the 100%.Cons:1.The processor: the Adreno 410 is a famous processor , well known for being in almost all budget phones since 2013 ,But this is 2016 . The processor is a bit outdated and the gpu can handle most games expect for very intensive games like Nova 3.But come on, for 8999 you can't expect to see an Adreno 617 or an 800 :).Yet again people might say similarly priced Redmi 3S prime has better specs, but guess what, their UI is crap and their hardware isn't well optimised.At the end of the day, it is your opinion, playing a bit intensive game, or having a smooth experience.Don't get me wrong here, apart from stuttering while running intensive games, there is nothing else it complain about it.Normal to medium- heavy ish games run real fine and daily usage/multitasking happens without a hiccup.2.Heating is an unavoidable factor but i still wished they looked into this a little.The phone heats when playing continuously or while charging (Fast charger, duh!)3.Bezel: I just wish that the screen to body ratio would have  been increased a little bit in this as the bottom looks a bit bare without the fingerprint.4.No fingerprint sensor: Yes , most phones in this  range have one, but the price is low so i think it is justified.5.No gyroscope: for people who don't need this, this should been be a problem, but some moto actions like chop twice for flashlight and some games might need it.Note that Pokémon go requires a gyroscope for AR, but if it's turned off, the app will work just fine.Extra Points:The moto G4 Play gets extra marks for making the battery removable and for incorporting the moto display feature into this.It also is splash resistant, not waterproof.( Isn't a major issue, even it's big brother the G4 plus and the 35K moto Z lack waterproofing)Also for clarification, even though its not mentioned anywhere, just like the moto G4 and G4 plus , the G4 play also has Gorilla Glass 3.Verdict: For Medium - heavy users on a tight budget, or as a secondary phone or as a temporary replacement,the Moto G4 Play is the best phone in the market right now.My Rating : 8.9/10"
 [7] "It good using from last month but haven't received the power bank which was there in the offer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Motorola is always a favourite of mine, i have used Moto G Ist gen and Moto G3 and my Moto G still works wonderfully smooth.coming to this device its really good built, slim, and light.battery is good and it works awesome with reliance jio, camera is decent and stock android makes it slick and fast, screen quality is good in the price band. overall its a really cool phone within the price band.My experience with Motorola is awesome till now, i believe that they will do that in future also. thank you"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Applications are not working. While using an App, A popup box appears to exit the app.Toch is good.No Over Heating Problems.Only Speaker is the main disadvantage of Moto G4 Play.Non-reliable SD card operations.Excellent 4G network connectivity.Worth of price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Please don't this mobile it's fully defective model even after reading so many reviews I choose this mobile but now I am facing problem with voice calls whenever I call person after 45 seconds other person is not able to listen my voice and after that I am unable to call any number until I restart the phone.When raised request for retrun/replacement they told me to download smart check app and it's diagnosed my phone and reported no issues and customer care is not ready to accept the return request because that bulls***smart appHeading towards service center at 3rd day horrible situation and Amazon replacement/return policy is just to fool customer with some foolish/stupid app called smart checkPlease don't buy this mobile it's worst mobile ever seen. Even the call volume is also very low and noisy... Even after phone factory reset also the issue is not resolved"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Motorola Moto G4 Play smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch.The Motorola Moto G4 Play is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto G4 Play packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.The Motorola Moto G4 Play runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 2800mAh non removable battery. It measures 144.40 x 72.00 x 9.90 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 137.00 grams.The Motorola Moto G4 Play is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts two Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G, 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, and Gyroscope."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Its working very good but where is coupon code for buying zoook powerbank from green mobiles."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Amazing Amazon butPurchasing moto g 4 play is totally Waste of time & money...Heating too much...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Awsome Above Expectations...!!Experienced good battery backup with fast charging in 50 Mins only...No heating yet used for 1 week till,No hang No problem yet nothing...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "The phone is really not worth it. It keeps crashing, showing blank screen, heats up. Better to go for moto g4 plus as it has a much better performance"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "I am buying this mobile in last week at that time free power bank is there in details but in pack it is not there why"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Worst experience. Not able to switch on the phone again once battery got discharged. I have been following up with customer care of amazon but always they people put the call on hold. Its just 5 days I bought this phone and its really sick to see this terrible performance. I want to replace the handset.I am consistently following up with amazon customer care for its replacement but they are giving excuses to go to the service center of motorola. Motorola service center executives are saying that amazon will replace the product. The product is returnable upto 22nd September, 2016. Either you replace the product otherwise i will raise a complaint through consumer court."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Sir  Mera oder me power bank de rah tha par mera pack me sirf mobile mila( offers me leya tha) power bank kab meliga warna mobile return ka dege"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Really good product. Lightweight...fits your palm perfectly and nice grip. No lag or bugs in the stock android. Great battery backup and sound clarity. Camera clarity is also good. Value buy. Memory expandable to 128 gb. If you own a 5.5 inch phone...then this is the ideal secondary phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Great phone with all the features you need for daily tasksWriting a brief review after 10 days of usage.-Main reason i like it is the clutter free stock android marshmallow (planned upgrade to nougat)-Decent processor with 2gb ram sufficient for daily tasks without any lag and snappy performance-16gb internal memory expandable to 128gb through sd card.-Crisp 5 inch 720p display-Nice camera good enough for average users.Photogaraphy enthusiasts should go for a better camera but this one gets the job done.-Not meant for heavy games but still manages to play some heavy demanding games.-Dual sim 4g volte-Removable battery, good battery life lasts approx a day and even more with moderate usage.Nice 10 watt rapid charger.-Good build quality. Feels light but solid in hand.-Water repellent nano coating but not water resistant like moto g3.-Normal heating while charging,watching videos for prolonged times,games.Cons- Not really cons but i wish it had the following features--It does not have gyroscope but it hardly matters coz we dont need it for daily practical uses.-It does not have  moto gestures like karate chop for flashlight but it has features like double press the power button to turn on camera and facial recognition to unlock the phone.Overall a good smartphone with all the features you will ever need for daily practical usesThere are other phones in same price range with much better specs but if u want a simple clutter free snappy stock android experience, Moto G4 Play is the best option I think in this price range. Heavy gamers should look for better specs."
 [1] "It should have Moto Voice feature. Excellent display, good that's it is light weight, but should have 16 MP camera cause it's MOTO G4 PLAY, definitely the name itself suggest it has excellent  media support..... Like the Moto X Play has 21 MP camera ......."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "The  product was above my expectations... i liked the phone... overall 100% satisfied.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "Its a good product...it handles all the apps perfectly...I love motos...in this price segment it is the best phone after red mi 3s prime..if u have priroty of using sd card and dual sims all together then go 4 it..and if u want a longibity phone then go 4 it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Phone is pretty goodIn this range it is the best you could find1. Marshmallow2. Front cam is good3. Charges real fast"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "The phone looks great.Pros:  - light weight  - good battery life  - good front camera and rear camera  - Completely native in build features ie. removable battery, dual micro sim cards(both volte supported), and a desired micro SD card  - Internal Available around 11GB with no preinstalled useless stuff. It has Android Marshmallow in which you can use SD Card as internal and hence can increase storage as per requirement. Apps can be easily moved to sdCard.  - Great Android experience  - Quality sound from speakers (has single front speaker which delivers great sound)  - Fast charging (2 Amps charger with data cable in package). (0 - 90% in 1 hr)  - Ear phones includedCons:  - NOT A GAMING phone  - Don't expect smooth experience for games like NOVA, GTA, COD Strike Team  - Miraculously it plays Modern Combat buttery smooth. I don't know why :D"
 [6] "Disappointed with the quality of the product. I expected a little more quality of the packing too. To my surprise there was a big scratch in the camera flash. Didn't want to break my head in returning . I know they would not accept!! Pathetic Moto!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Excellent product and phone cheaper than this is Moto E3 power more features than this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Moto E 3 had similar features at a lower price on Flipkart. Also the Jio SIM doesn't come along and one has to go with normal procedure to get the SIM card"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Moto's worst phone ever. Phone automatically gets switches off number of times a day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Very bad experience.. I ordered this product and i got delivery late night @11:30pm also i didnt get any free power bank with this product which mentioned in this product and i heard i will be get cash back by January 2017. Its looks like marketing strategy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "I ordered phone in standard delivery 1 week back. This useless amazon showed hell for delivery. Person ordered 1 week back no delivery, if we order today getting tomorrow by prime delivery (foolishness). Then i cancelled my old order & ordered newly. Coming to phone review:1. Phone is getting heated up during charging near to ear, very irritating.2. Loud Speaker is near to ear (I feel due to magnetic effect ear/brain may get problem) during long term3. Processor is very old one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Nice Produce within Budget.This Dusherra I brought this phone for my father. I think it is a very good phone for day to day usage but not for gamer.Pros:1. Nice battery backup, moreover g play is providing  a removable battery feature which is a good thing2. HD display3. Quicker charger. MOTO G Play will charge fully withing 1.30 hrs4. No lag experience after installing numerous apps5. Phone does not heat easily6. More over MOTO G play is very slim and looks stylishCons:1. Processor is little bit old, I think less powerful processor has been used to check the phone price low deliberately2. Charger will heat heavily while charging. This might be due to the quick charge feature3. No high end censors are provided(GYRO) , has a good reason to keep the phone price low4. Proved head phone is made of great qualityMoto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"
 [3] "Nice mobile. Good looks. Decent camera quality. Stock Android experience with good processor.  Good battery backup time with rapid charger. But did not receive promo code to redeem power bank.An unethical practice by the seller to improve his sales."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "I bought this because of cash back and power bank offer...phone is good ...the cash will be credit to our account after 90 days which is not mentioned when purchasing the mobile......There is no information about power bank from the seller still now there is no information about power bank....cheating ads"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "This was my first ever phone which I purchased from Amazon. After using a month. Phone is heating up while charging, talking, and jack is not working anymore. It was first phone of Motorola and such kind of product i'll rcv. I never expected."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Neatly defined phone ,the hardware software and firmware all at par at this price point. 8mp back camera is all too good (with nice bokeh effects in some shots)as well as the front 5mp selfie cam with a backlit flash.Battery back backup (2800Mah) serves it's purpose.Os is upgradable as in all Moto phonesMoto Rocks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Good.. Using it from 9/9 /16 .. Touch is simply awesome...  battery backup is good ,, charging speed is good ,, good performance.. camera quality is also good .. I'm using it with jio...best phone for this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "I got a very good mobile from amazon in exclusive sale . It fulfils all my requirements in mobile . In best price this is the best mobile i got. Very good camera quality , excellent battery backup ,. Clear display, slim n latest look comfortable to hold in hand . After seeing my mobile many of my friends liked my mobile some already bought rest planning to buy give good offers on moto g play and plus .... Finally im completely satisfied for my budget and my wiah on phone from this mobile...CheluvakumarCheluvakumar8@gmail.com"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Before this I used Moto E2 for around 18 months with Rough use. No doubt moto phones are very reliable, durable among all. I was so pleased with it that I convinced three more people to buy it. Battery backup is satisfactory, touch is smooth, video quality is OK. Only thing is that I feel camera is not very up to the mark ( 5 MP of moto E2 was still better without flash).After almost 40 days of use I am satisfied with it. If you want a phone which has less service issues and Sturdy built then blindly go for any moto phone.One more thing : It costed me 4700 ( current 9000). How? Well, 1000 Cashback, again 500 Cashback, 1400 in exchange of moto e2, 1400 SBI CASHBACK OFFER."                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "i bought this phone from amazon.in and the volume increases automatically when calls are received and made. even after setting the volume to low, the volume increases automaticaly. I had to return this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Looks like a great phone. The phone ine is not water proof but its water repellent that should be kept in mind.The camera resolution look decent but a 13 mp rear camera would have been better.Can't expect great performance due to a lower chipset but it should be a nice device for day to day usage depending on one's usage. If you are a gamer then this would not satisfy your needs.There is no fingerprint sensor so that's a negative aspect.You would get the latest updates on this one as it's a moto phone so that's a plus point.The stock android doesn't put that much load on processor and doesn't eat up ram so multitasking should be great.All in all if you don't qant to buy chinese brands and want some reliable phone then you can buy this phone.Some other options for this phone would be redmi 3s prime and asus zenfone max as they are also nice handsets in this range"
 [2] "Once again moto have prooved that why there is so much increase in demand in their phones. Moto G4 play is absolutely fantastic phone in this budget with light fastening performance but as usual Amazon haven't enhanced their delivery performance yet as it took 4 days to get it delivered. Most of the items per my requirement are available at Amazon and sometimes it exceeds expectations but still I need to switch to other service providers just because they delivers fast. 3 star would be a 5 star if delivery is superfast."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "This is awesome hello Moto the phone is the best under 10000. Don't go for mi for how long has mi been around??? Go for Moto it's the first phone as well.So here are the ratings  as per the priceCamera 9/10even has front flashProcessor 9/10Software 10/10And this phone even gives u the Google assistantGaming 9/10Speakers8.5/10"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "The phone is working quite good till now .No issues with the 4g ,voice clearity is also very good.Battery backup is nice.Camera is also ok.How good this phone is you can decide only after a year because now a days almost all smart phones will work properly till one year & start giving problem after that.But as good brand name I hope it will not fall my expectation....I am waiting for that ........."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Very poor quality of phone. The gorilla glass broke and now Motorola is asking me to change the entire screen that costs nearly 5 to 6k. Even Amazon was not willing to help me. The Motorola service center near my office is not ready to help me and they are asking me to go to a service center that is 30 kms away from my home / office. I have been using Moto phones for 4 years but their quality has dropped drastically. I also use Samsung phones and I think they are better. Samsung is value for money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Excellent mobile under ₹10000 budget. Product packaging was good when received. Exceeds the expectations with good battery capacity along with large screen display and ample out of DAM(memory) allocated."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "All things Are good but the battery had some issues like After getting charged to 100% it discharges fastly even not using the phone and Reduces upto 3% even Without using in just 10 Minutes of standby …i m thinking about to replace it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Good battery backupNice cameraGood performanceAndroid N update will get early( probably Dec)And very important NO HEATINGSpeaker is ok not to goodBoth are mini sim.Overall good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Not up to my expectations and while charging heating up and also while on call some times heating up, bad battery back upThis product worth for only 6000 not more than that, not recommended to any one on this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Over heating issues"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "If you are looking for a phone with a loud ringer then this is nit for you. Moto X play has a loud ringer. But the Moto G 4th gen dies not. Even the Moto 1st gen seemed to be louder.  Needed a phone for business purpose so rest of he features do not matter so much. Asked Amazon to take it back. But they said now on mobiles the take back policy is a bit itchy. So will just have to be stuck with this for a while. Mobile companies should start specifying the wattage of the ringer to help us make a choice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "I have heard some people say that it does not support LED notification... But I later realised that it has a Led light on the left side below the screen... The only problem with this is you have to root you're phone in order to activate the feature..Overall it's an awesome and impressive phone which can handle heavy gaming without lags like Asphalt 8 , Nova, real racing, etcTo users PLEASE --try to INSTALL PIXEL LAUNCHER in it...it works gr8 for this device!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Moto G4 play is a good phone.I am using it for two weeks.Its build quality,camera,screen etc are decent,battery also lasts for a day.(for average users,not for heavy users )Good phone under 10k.But it would be perfect if Motorola provides finger print sensor,compass...also needed the battery capacity 3000 mAh instead of 2800 mAh,which lacks here..It has some issues like generates heat when charging,surfing Internet ( mobile data ).,while surfing Internet through Wifi generates less heat....Overall it's good...I am quite happy.And the delivery of Amazon is very good.They delivers all my deals or orders before the expected date of arrival...Thank you."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Though it's a budget oriented phone but it's smooth, lag free and best one for day to day use. Happy customer !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Build quality : Good, speaker is loud enough..feels good to hold..screen not large..great for single hand usage. Display not vibrant enough..wasn't really expecting it to be any flagship killer. Front camera is okay for casual shots but primary camera lacks a punch.USP:Vanilla Android, Fast charging.For :  DAD, who mainly uses his device or Youtube, Hotstar( on Wifi/ no 4g)  and CALLS. Few more useful apps apart from Google Pre-Loaded Apps& Few mentioned above: Duo, Imo, inShort, Truecaller  2 casual games nothing more. 2 gb ram never caused any issue and battery was good enough to last full day even with data on(Airtel 3g).Don't expect any Jio advantage because sim is available everywhere .Didn't opted for Redmi cos of MIUI complexity to do everything+ the flash sale drama"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "I have used G1, G2 and G3 and this time without any hesitation I would say this one doesnt belong to the family, as per my experience. I am saying this after getting a replacement just to realize that it is a bad deal i have made.If it is possible to return the product I would surely have gone with that.Primary Camera doesnt respect the 8MP tag though the front one does a better job, so better would be to adjust with this phone by taking all the pics from the front cam.The graphic processor, i do not know a technical thing about it but yes its really a confused hardware because I have seen it deteriorating and enhancing the images on its own. At one time I thought maybe I have pressed some button to convert all the images to 2MP resolution, after restarting it goes back to normal. Strange."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Advantages of Motorola Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Merits or Pros):1. The resolution may not be full HD but the color accuracy, contrast, saturation and brightness are quite evenly balanced.2. The 1.2 GHz Quad-core Snapdragon 410 chipset for processing runs the smartphone without any issues.3. The primary memory is of 2 GB for multitasking.4. Another Motorola Moto G4 Play, 4th Gen advantages is the Adreno 306 GPU is for graphics.5. Latest version of Android Marshmallow v6.0.1 for the operating system and of course without any bloatwares.6. It has got a dedicated memory card slot which can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Next Moto G Play, 4th Gen is the nano coating on the display which provides a water repellent feature.8. The 2800 mAh battery capacity is enough to last more than a day, provided its battery saving mode is active.9. There is a Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection for the display.10. Not Quick Charge but it has a way for fast battery charging with a 10 watt rapid charger which is supplied with the box.1. First is that because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture of both the primary and secondary camera the quality in low light condition and artificial lightning are not good. Outdoor images are quite good however.2. Many smartphones are now well below the thickness of 8 mm, but the Moto G Play, 4th Gen is of 9.9 mm which is close to 10 mm.3. Next Moto G4 Play, 4th Gen disadvantages or cons is that it does not have a fingerprint sensor. I am asking for it as there are smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor at this price tag.4. All the navigational touch buttons are placed on the screen itself, its already a small screen smartphone.5. And the last Motorola Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons or demerits is the absence of a gyroscope sensor."                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Nice phone....nice specs....nice delivery; but a power bank was in offer with the product during the time I had made the order, though I haven't received that power bank till date .SpecsProsGood camera 8mp rear with flash.....5mp frontStock AndroidMarshmallow2 GB RAM16 GB RAM2800 MAH powerful removable batteryConsHonestly after using it for 3 weeks haven't found any problem though before buying this product ..be ensure with service centre issues as lenovo are not giving services to all this Moto smartphones except Moto Z n Moto Z play !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Saying it a budget phone is perhaps an understatement. I wanted to buy this phone and I was looking for products like xiomi, gionee and micromax as these brands only give a good deal below 10000. I was flabbergasted to see the 5 inch screen with crisp image quality. Certainly wasn't expecting such an awesome display. This feels very light and nowhere you will feel that you are holding a cheap phone. Performance is decent. As I am an average user and don't like to play heavy games, I know there are many other Chinese brand phones giving better specs that this but still  I didn't wanna go with such brands because of their unreliable aftersales services. Got it for 8000 rupees using Amazon pay and hoping Amazon will send me the Cashback offer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "First of all I would like to say that I do not own this product but I’ve been using this phone for about a month now and  as far as first impression goes, I would say that it is better than I thought It’d be. The handset build quality and the material quality feels premium. The device comes with a 2800mAh battery which is removable (to my surprise) . MotoG4 Play feature a 5inch 294ppi display which has a very nice visual feedback. I must say that I’m quite impressed with the overall look, feel and finish this product offers. Still considering the price range, it has to offer all these premium features as it comes in a bit premium range of smart phones. But the camera clarity is one area which I belt a bit disappointed,as it is not quite upto the mark as expected.Also the gaming capability of this phone is not that good, given this being known as a gaming handset. Other wise this is a perfect companion for those guys who are in search of a perfect companion who’ll not let you wander along all the time with those chargers or powerbanks in your hands.(and it has got turbo charger guys..)UNBOXING-- What all we get inside the box:****************************************************# Handset# 2800mAh Battery# Moto Standard headsets# Turbo charger with removable USB cable# User guide & Warranty details*******************MY VERDICT*******************The moto g4 play could be an ideal phone for anyone who want something more than just decent performance and the feel and finish of a premium handset in this price range.It is for daily usage which gives decent battery life. If you are that hardcore gamer who wants a gaming handset which is power packed and if you expect this device to be such a beast, you’d probably end up being disappointed . You guys better not opt for this one.Anyways do surf for any better deals availableSHOPWISE AND SAVE SOME BUCKSHappy shopping.. :)hope you found this review helpful "
 [1] "Damaged product..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Hi , I have got this phone 2 days back and I tried using it but didn't like the quality so want refund. Paid using pay balance. Called service center 2 times and did some checks and all good. Last person I had a word was Niraj and he said that as per policy we can not refund. This is not good. They don't say anything when you blindly give them money and when that have to give it back they show us policies. I have purchased phones TV and lot of things from Amazon and never have to refund  but now I want and they are giving excuses of policies. Totally unsesfied with their answered. Bad services from Amazon. Never expected this from Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Was using Xiaomi Mi5 earlier, which got damaged in rain. Got Moto g4 play. I find it light in weight, looks nice, fast and good camera plus pure Android experience. Everything is nicely bundled. Just go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "I want to buy this mobile ,but this mobile is not delivered to my pincode ,so issue my problem quickly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "this phone is awesome for an average user -not for the gamers .body and make- lighter than old moto g but the material is plastic used ,so u got to handle it more carefully. the phone feels good in hands , ease in use because of the 5\" screen size .camera- quite impressive at this price both front and back capture good images in hdr mode. not great in night.battery - lasts for a day in average use .charges full in around 45 to 60 mins.speaker- awesome dolby digital feel lot better than previous moto g phonesheats a bit when i do video calling etc for long.so overall a good deal with the available cashback offers and amazon gift card.amazon- the packaging was not good this time make it better."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "I m using motoe2 for the last 2 years n i then decided to change to g4play after reading almost reviews here... N now i think i took the right phone...  Here is my genuine review..Cons:Brilliant displayBattery backup is greatNo heating issues even on chargingCharging is so fast.No lags n its smoothCamera is okey but not great!Cons:Camera focusing is bit slow n sometimes microfoocusing wont get correct focused.No gallery( use quickpic for better experience).Now if want a phone with a good user experience then go for it.... it gives you a better smooth user experience....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "What does \"warranty one year manufacturer warranty\" means??"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Applications not working. Every time asking deny or allow option. After click allow also not working.i was try to return this product on last day but amazon  not responding for the same. Battery drainout early.dont go for this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "The mobile is best for its price bracket it has snapdragon processor as compare moto e3 power which have mediatek processor which one of the worst processor they show gud benchmark rating but in real time they dont work that gud. from the time the motorola has been taken over by lenovo the phones quality has degraded, the quality of he phone in not like what moto g used the it doesnt feel solid."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "I purchased this phone on 7th sept received on 8th sept. Thanx to amazon delivery.Its really a good phone under 10k. It has vey nice 5 inch display with IPS technology which has pixel density of 294.Good camera quality.Battery is 2800 mah which is enough for average use.I don't play games on this device but tested for its performance,  games were running fine. It has minor lags while playing hd games(I played nova 3 freedom edition). Also device get heated up for continuous playing for approx 15 mins & reduced battery by 30%. Also played CoC for half an hour but no significant battery drain observed(also device heated up a bit).It comes with 10w charger which charges device in 15mins(they say so, but actually fast charge work upto 70% after that battery charge on normal speed). Also no significant draining of battery while connected to wifi(I'm connected to wifi from 10am where charging was 93% and now 12.30 pm charging is 83%).It has pure android ui, no bloatwares(extra unwanted apps). Also it is light in weight.conclusion:-It is average phone with some good features..."
 [1] "Good"       "nice"       "good"       "Nice"       "Good"      
 [6] "cool"       "Good"       "Awsm phone" "Hi"         "Ok"        
 [1] "Every specs of moto g4 play are awesome in this price rangeBut only issue is - it heats up quickly near the camera area while using internet otherwise everthing is upto the mark"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Great product, got mine at the beginning of Nov, and no issues till date, it runs as smooth as butter. Although it does have a few cons... There's no OIS, or accelerometer or gyro .But overall, it's a worth it budget smartphone and really makes it's Mark.Awesome battery life on full day 4GGreat outdoor photography(indoor, although it is practically the same PPI, looks a bit  dull and blurred)Runs and manages RAM and apps pretty nicely. It only hangs if you force it too far, deliberately that is.So, yeah, total go for it!!!!!"                                                                                                  
 [3] "speaker busted in a month, first purchase zero satisfaction."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "money loss product heating is issue more very worst product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Its a great phone and has almost everything you can ask for this price range. My 4th Moto G series phone in family and all of them are still sturdy and working fine. This is light weight and has good battery backup. Loving this fast charge feature and saves a lot of time. 4G works seamlessly and could see that it is having much better network coverage for the same sim card compared to Xperia Z and Samsung S3."                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "This is a Cheap Moto G phone which is produced by Lenovo. You can compare the quality with Lenovo 6000 and similar phones within range of 6000 to 7000.I bought this phone after having good experience of using Motorola phones Moto e, Moto G , Moto G turbo..Camera quality is not that good compared to other Moto G phones. Also Display is yellowish in color unlike Moto g phones and more like Lenovo , intex , micromax phones. My wife thinks that this phone is suffering from \"Jaundice\" :PHeadphones provided does not have ear plugs.. Ordinary quality.. Functionality wise and specification wise its good..Decent battery backup."
 [7] "Amazing phone at this price rate if you are looking for brand phone under 10000 then Go for it... It's now almost 30+ days I'm using this phone but didn't face any problem yet... Rapid charging is plus point of this phone...! Ask me if you have any doubt... Only thing bad about it is that it doesn't support VR."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "The New having Microphone issue, i am very much frustrated."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Worst service by motorola,my phone got into repair after one week i brought....Its been 2 months i submitted my mobile in pune service centre ,which is in warranty but i still didnt recieved it.Also no proper response from ccustomer care....I will prefer samsung next time for peace of mind."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Best for people, who are looking for a good phone in this budget, I got it for 7999"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "It's been more than 2 month I am using this product. No heating issue as of now. Bought it in Diwali sale of Amazon with discount of 3000/- so I purchased it in 5499, although it's good mobile at this price range as compare to other phones."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Phone is very good. But i didn't receive any coupon code to redeem power bank as they mentioned.. very disappointed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "I waited for long time for a Sub 10K motorola phone being a very happy customer of moto e for the past  2 years.I was very happy and ordered in the first week itself.I was decided to buy this phone despite others offering much better features at lower price like redmi 3s prime. I was very sad because motolora launced moto e power at about one thousand lower with better features it happened just after 1 day of me getting the phone.I am very sad and lost of thrill of new phone. Nonetheless i decided to live with it. It is a good phone nothing extra ordinary.Does things well for what it is made. The seller was slow did not dispatch for four days after receiving the order."
 [4] "I'm writing this after one month usagePros:1. Touch is very smooth. (Earlier I had horrible experience with Lumia 535)2. Battery is coming for minimum two days for my usage (I'm a moderate user)3. Spec wise it is very good option at this price band.4. Camera quality is decent. (both front and back)Cons:nothing I found so far ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "It's been nearly 25 days now I've been using the g4 play. I have yet not found a single glitch in this phone, well I'm not a guy who is fond of using camera a lot so camera is not a priority for me. My RAM usage has been around 50℅ till date and that is awesome. I use chrome and YouTube simultaneously for the most time and sometimes clash Royale too. In short it's a great phone.The reason I bought this phone was for Android development so my priority was system updates. With nougat coming to it my purpose is fulfilled.In short it's a great phone for this price range. I love it."                                                                                             
 [6] "We have a hearing problem for this phone.i want to return this product but i am unable to do it through your app.Please immediately provide some solution"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Worst camera from lenovo Motorola,my old Moto g2 8mp camera is better than this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Phone is good in looks, durability but hangs even with just 1 app open. For instance, open facebook or bookmyshow and you will have to wait for few seconds to do any further operation on phone. Sometimes even control buttons freeze and phone becomes unresponsive.Reported the issues but still no resolution.I am using external sdcard formatted and used as internal memory ( requirement by phone), have seen problems after doing that (not sure of thats related).No other issues that i faced.Will not recommend this phone as hang or unresponsiveness becomes a blocker problem when you have to use any app (cab, banking) very urgently."                                             
 [9] "Battery life - 9/10Performance- 9.5/10Display and touch -9.5/10User interface- 9.5/10Strength - 10/10Network & Connectivity- 7/10 (might be issue only with me )Video audio quality- 9.5/10Camera - 7/10 ( front is quite good back is also good but only for big images and in day light , if you are shooting any docket from one meter distance it will get blur )Conclusion-It's far better than moto e3 power ,And it's safe I mean your data will be safe , it is said that there are lots of companies who steal data from your phone ..but Motorola is the most trusted one."                                                                                                                 
[10] "Device is very light weight compare to my moto g2. Overall a handy phone at this price. Got it ib deal wid exchange of samsung s advance at this price tag its a steal deal wid 1.5k gv frm amazonPros 2 gb ram, quad core snapdragon processors better than mediatek...11gb inbuilt free memory for storage. 32gb card supported no hybrid sim. Battery life is very good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Hi guys, I was in budget so, when I search then I got Moto g 4 play... It was worthy to buy this phone.. bcoz the specs is good enough.. and since it was a stock Android, and I love stock UI.. so I bought this phone.. so if u thinking buy this phone then go for it.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Best in class phone with amazing service from Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "This phone is very good.front camera is olso very good.but the back camera is not good.& this phone is like moto g3.but the camera is not.I telling to you that bought this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Ghost touches !!! started off as the occasional home screen return, but then finally it was like my phone could write messages on its own.took it to Motorola service center and those people are of no help. Apparently they could not find anything wrong with the phone and said it was because the phone was overheating and i am not using the right charger. I wouldnt have given a bad rating if this was considered as a production defect and i was given a replacement. but then again, try going to a motorola service center.. you will know what I am referring to. I changed the phone to a samsung and living happily everafter."
 [5] "ITS good about ease of notification details while screen lock, smooth touch, fast access, slick to hold, charging speed, 4g both slot, zigzag power button to hold, more than full day battery backup, audio quality. ITS bad about extra space at top n bottom, camera quality both not enough good, headphone is normal only, and main this phone has no gallery app (install externally which comes with advertisements)."                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Nice device for all points of view compare to other."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Delivery within 36hrs. Phone is very I'm this range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "I bought Moto G Play and received delivery on  30-Oct'16 even after paying 120 Rs. for delivery by 29-Oct'16. But instead of delivery i received message that you are not contactable (However no missed call alert nothing came).31st phone works fine but from Yesterday it's vibrating and some liquid (chemical) is coming from battery.Now, it's in hanging mode - vibrating.. Let's see.. what should i  do..Very bad experiene i have.Pls suggest what should i do."                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "My mother required a smart phone under 10k budget, as she's not so found of using Facebook, Twitter, YT etc, but only Whats'app. My requirement was 3GB RAM, 32GB Internal Space. Was confused to choose B/W Micromax Canvas and this device. Later, my friend suggested to go ahead and pick MOTO G Play 4th Gen. The phone seems faster, the front camera is good, but little disappointed by the rear camera as it is a 5MP. When I clicked a selfie of mine, it was slightly blur. Overall a good phone. Recommened this device for those who are looking for a phone under 10K budget. Thanks."                                            
[10] "Great smartphone.Don't be confused go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Hello guys i am using this phone from 4 month.As you all know that we all think 100 times befor e investing our hard earned money. This review can be a bit lengthy but read it fully as I explain everything.Specs: 5-inch HD display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 | 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor | 2GB RAM + 16GB internal memory (expandable up to 128GB) | 8MP rear camera | 5MP front camera | 2,800 mAh batteryWhat’s good?Moto G4 Play has a great design and is easy to hold. It gets a textured plastic back and silver metal rims. The smartphone has rounded edges, and Moto branding is placed neatly at the rear. Moto G4 Play looks elegant, even though it doesn’t have a metal unibody design. Make sure you buy a back cover if you pick the white colour variant as it tends to get dirty. Plus, you won’t have to worry about accidentally spilling liquids on the phone, thanks to its water-repellent coating.Moto G4 Play has a great design and is easy to hold. It gets textured plastic back and silver metal rims.The display is vivid and sharp. However, it doesn’t make for good viewing angles in bright outdoors. I had to struggle with the display in sunlight.Moto G4 Play has a great battery life. Even though there’s 2,8000 mAh battery on paper, the battery optimisation is great. Moto G4 Play will easily last for a little more than a day from moderate to heavy usage.  Plus, it doesn’t take too much of a time to get charged.The rear camera performs decent in places where there’s ample light. The performance is at par with a lot of devices that I’ve reviewed in the same price segment. But the low-light results are grainy and pictures tend to have a lot of noise. The front camera clicks fairly good pictures.Performance isn’t an issue while multitasking and transition between tabs is swift. I mainly used it for watching YouTube videos, browsing Facebook, messaging on WhatsApp etc; and G4 Play didn’t give me a reason to complain. However, playing even the most basic games for a long duration makes the device slow. So much so that after a while you’ll find yourself playing a slow motion of CandyCrush, which you’d want to quit very soon.What’s bad?There’s nothing really wrong with the device, expect the missing fingerprint scanner and lack of full HD display. The budget segment is full of devices that offer some really good specifications at low price point, which has raised the bar.Moto G4 Play, Moto G4 Play review, Lenovo, Moto, Moto G4 Play price, Moto G4 Play features, Moto G4 Play features, Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, budget smartphones, Android, smartphones, technology, technology newsMoto G4 Play is a decent budget smartphone that will please most buyers.VerdictMoto G4 Play is a decent budget smartphone that will please most buyers. If fingerprint scanner is not your priority in a smartphone, then go for the G4 Play. Remember, the device does lag in terms of performance, especially during gaming. Competitions to consider in the segment include – Xiaomi 3s Prime, slightly higher Redmi Note 3, LeEco Le 1s, and Lenovo K5 Note.PLEASE HIT THE HELPFUL VOTE YOUR HELPFUL VOTE HELPS A LOT"
 [2] "MotorolaAs I love this phoneI planned this one !!And its working pretty well !If you wanna get this then give it a try !I love this device ! 😘😍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "After using many Mobiles, Moto G4 play is one of the Best Product I have ever encountered.Best Features at reasonable price. There's even new Google Assistant feature. Inbuilt VOLTE is helpful. One of the best Mobile for Jio users. Never experienced Trouble. Battery Backup is Good too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Best Mobile for the ppl have tight budget of less than 9K.Moto.. no need to say much about it as everything you need in this budget is there in the phone.Good:1. Speed/No lags2. Simplistic UI3. Sturdy and good grip4. Call quality is good5. Average gaming without heating prob & many more..Bad:1. Camera quality could have been more better.2. Battery could have been more bigger.Thanks Amazon for discount and quick delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Delivery took a long time.Phone hangs ocassionally and apps keep on crashing time to time.It overheats a lot while messaging as well.The charger charges pretty fast but becomes too hot after sometime.But the camera and everything else is just superb."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Top notch phone for the price. Have been using it for a few weeks without any issues whatsoever. Battery lasts over a day (and charges quickly). No heating issues. I mainly use it for audio and podcasts... so cannot comment on the gaming performance. No issues while playing Pokemon however. Very satisfied... and now waiting for Nougat update"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "After using it for 4 months -Speed is almost samePhone never hangs till date - despite I am a bad gamer ( plays coc, mini milita a lot ).I think you should go for it as in this range the only phone you get with more specification is xiaomi phones. But I will always prefer Moto over xiaomi."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "The best thing about the phone is, its ultra smooth in operation, lag free, light weighted, with palpable UI, neat execution of processing apps and other functions.Its 3rd day of my use, i found the battery not to be of much great performance, but its very friendly for moderate or slightly high usage.I dont play games, hence cant comment flexibly if swift flow could be attributed to that function as well.Handset fits nicely on your palm, with a good back grip.The best adjective i can give is, Junior G3...A user who is looking for general smartphone functioning, with net usage, high/low and good music..should openly go for this.Budget, durable phone in this segment..Moto is a durable phone maker, people who venture for durability shall prefer moto first...Cheers!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Every thing goodPros.Removable battery.5\".Ccamra.Ddesign.Outdoor brightness.Fast chargingCons.Camera photo  slow clear pixel after open.Display colour feel dull as compare with motog3.music Ringtone setting option not available.Gallery not available.Not Dolby speaker.camra led effect the eyes of all Motorola phones it is not soft canon camra led."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Decent Phone.Good battery and GREAT charging time.Display is super awesome.No bloatware.Sound quality is wonderful.Connectivity is good.Wifi has some problems now and then but I think it's probably because of my router and not the phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Super fast delivery as described. It is working perfectly no complaints so far. [edited] Worked only for 4 days[Edited] on 4th day (13 Mar'17), it suddenly restarted. I thought it may happen sometimes due to heavy load. Then miracle happened...I could see boot screen, restarted again...boot screen restarted again...boot screen restarted againOther than this I couldn't use my mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Awful Camera both Front and Back.Overall very nice product i. e. complete package in OLD bottle.If you consider Quick Charging + Solid build + Splash proof + Very light in weight + Great Display + Stock Android + VOLTE,  this phone is for you else consider MEIZU M3S / REDMI 3S PRIME.thx"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Great Phone!!!Using it for past 4 months, great to use , light weight , high expandable memory , lots of apps can be stored , purchased it for 9000 with 1000 cashback offer , great brand ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Awesome phone!!! Covers all the features I need!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "A good phone with a tag of Moto!Running smoothly till now!It's Size is also  handy(5inch)... neither too small nor too large..... Decent Camera with Front flash!!!Update of Android7 will also be available soon in this Variant!2gb RAM is also sufficient to play big games like NFS,Asphalt8.....11.08gb of internal Memory is available ....Externally u can Expand to 128gb(but for smooth Handling use upto 64gb)...Featured with Dual Sim(Volte -for JIO users).....Another considerable feature is its fast charging  ....it takes 40-50min for  a full charge...U will never find battery as a issue! White colour also looks good than black for both Boys & Girls!!!Just to say that the phone is worth 9k!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "I ordered this product with so much of excitement and when i received the product the sd slot was not working i thought its not a problem amazon will replace the product but that was my biggest mistake they were like fooling and troubling me by asking to do lots of task just to replace the phone. First i spend 1 hour for chat then they ask me to call then i spend half hour on call then they transferred my call to moto g department where i spend half hour more and after spending 2 hours during my office hours they asking me do download app then contact them then test the phone and what not. Seriously when moto was exclusively available on flipkart the customers were so very happy amazon is the worst company in world for online shopping."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Motorola launched this device a few days back and it is mainly aimed at people who love to enjoy entertainment on their handheld device.The phone features some incredible features and some drawbacks. Let us talk about the various aspects of this device.DISPLAY:5in display is just the perfect size in my opinion. 720p HD is decent for viewing videos but is not adequate for immersive gaming experience. During the review, the colors produced decent and the viewing angles were not that great. Gorilla glass 3 provides additional security as I survived a couple of drops from 3-4 feet without damaging the screen.BATTERY:Motorola claims that this battery lasts for a day with moderate usage but that is not the case. I usually end up charging this phone thrice a day with moderate-heavy usage with about 30 mins of gaming. The charging is quite fast as compared to its competitors. The phone did heat up a bit while charging.SOFTWARE:Motorola is one of those companies which are still producing devices with almost no bloat. The company has tried to provide users with a stock android experience in this device. The device has voLTE compability and worked well with my JIO 4G sim during the test period.INTERNAL:The phone is powered by a snapdragon 410 processor which is quite old. 2GB of RAM is not adequate as I found lagging issues on this device. The phone cannot even handle 15 light apps running in the background.CAMERA:Low- light performance is not that great. The photos are of decent quality and the HDR mode works just fine. Motorola need to work on its software department as the camera app needs to refined.Verdict: The phone feels quiet cheap in the hand with its plastic build. The buttons are clicky and provide a nice feedback. The speakers are average and the display is a bit outdated. But considering the price of this device, It has a lot of positives including water resistance and fast charging. I would highly consider other competitors such as coolpad note 3 plus and Le 1s eco,Le2. The phone is a good buy for people who wish to have a nice and affordable smartphone for light use."
 [8] "If you want to buy motog4play this is your bad choice battery is just waste battery draining problem hangs when played games this is indeed bad phone under 9000Your budget is 9000I suggest you to buy coming Redmond 3s primeLyf f1/f1sVivo y51LLyf 7sCool pad note5 liteAsus Zen phone maxLenovo K5Lenovo k6/k6 powerLenovo K5Lenovo p1mLet's Le 1sLe 2sLemax2"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Hi,This phone is auto switch network, which is very problematic for those who are using specific data service.Example:If you have 4G data pack and you have strong 2G or 3G signal it is automatically switch to 2G/3G network and data will stop working.No solution provided by Moto CC Irshad&harish.ihave requested for refund to Amazon CC supervisor Lasya she said no refund policy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Price range of 9000 give equal specs as Redmi note 3. Looks similar to Moto g4. Good screen resolution with 224 ppi. With glance view loved it. Good 5mp camera. Loud enough speakers. Audio experience in headphone are poor. And poor bulid quality. Good screen resistant screen. For protection Moto play a good job. Small 2800 mah battery with rapid charger and become hit several time. Both support jio volte supports. Otg is also supported. Heavier application like Facebook slower the phone. Hd screen and powerful processor which drain battery. Recommended to those for jio users and for stock Android lovers. Ideal phone for this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "i received a defective phone,even after charging the phone is not switching on.this kind of bad quality phone is not expected from motorolla,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Osssmmm phone.. Looking nice.. Front camra awesome.. Back camra good.. Faster connectivity.... Speaker v good.. Over all jbrdstt phone... Itne price Mai isse achha phone nhi mil skta..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "excellent phone, i have it , works very well since 6 monthsno lags, 4G VOLTE support, dual sim and SD card slotandroid N will come soon (i think)complete budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "As the name suggest Moto g 4 play but one thing I can assure you that this mobile is not for playing games. I played asphalt on this for fifteen minutes and battery went from 96 to 44.It also includes rapid charger for faster charging but battery depletion is even faster than rapid charging.Without doing anything on mobile before sleeping I charged it fully around 11 pm and when I woke up in the morning around 6am to my surprise more than 40% battery was used with all apps closed and brightness level at minimum.Hats off Moto for such a lovely product.Now I came to know why Lenovo bought you."
 [5] "Battery Capacity is not good, it is getting heat. You people delivering products which were manufactured long time back.Make a habit of delivering recent manufactured products."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Very nice phone, features, size, quality is excellent as per expectations. Dissatisfied by Amazon service taken complete time of 1week to deliver the product due to late dispatching."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Powerbank not delivered as mentioned in offer"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Ordered during sale, got a defective piece which does not detect wifi and hence I cannot connect to internet while other cell phones are able to detect and connect to the wifi at the same time.Now I am unable to return the phone also as it says you need to install and run a smart check app on the same device you have brought which does not make sense at all as the phone does not connect to wifi, same problems will be faced by others too, how will we initiate return for this ? Please change this senseless policy"                                                                                  
 [9] "Those who wants their phone works long time, like two, four years and who use their phone for normal use then u pick it. Its ok but boring. If u r #saw of type /then it's not for u."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Damage and used product, no option to even replace it, Heating prob, Call prob, Battery draining prob ... Old don't buy this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "nice mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Nice budget phone from Motorola.Battery life is good.RAM is enough.Camera quality is not that good but with moto updates it's fine.Overall a good purchase."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "1)Worst phone for ever.2) Lenovo spoiled Motorola mobiles by purchasing the company.3)Better to go for redmi note3 in this price range.4)Severe Hanging problem."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Nice phone but one sim 4g another sim 2g slot. So you can use one 4g sim for data. Mobile launcher is not good. Otherwise phone worth for 9k. Charging also very fast."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "The delivery from Amazon is simply amazing. Very safe.I am an end user and very satisfied with its usage. If anyone wants a smartphone below 10k, with no extra unwanted application than Motorola is the best,This model version is Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one,Display is good.Now a day’s many smart phones are ditching their memory card slot, this Smartphone has a dedicated slot for memory cardIt also has Corning Gorilla 3.Minus point areNow a day’s Smartphone comes with finger print scanner this handset does not have it .No dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen.Overall it is a good Smartphone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "I am using this phone for last five months . I got this phone for 5000 after giving my old moto e phone as exchange . I didnt notice any lag in usage ( I am not a gamer ). For normal usage , 1 day we can use without charging . I think it is decent phone for normal usage ( browsing , calling , chatting etc..). I didnt notice any heating during my usage ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Pros;10W Turbo charger is superb .... charging fast.Front camera excellent , Body texture and screen is good, perfect handling, VoLTELight weight 👌 Best in class & budget.Cons;Back camera is not so good,,Network related problms🖓, back and home button space is wasted.Front facing speakers can't resist Dust."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "Received within 2 days of placing order. Have not started using the phone in depth. I will give detailed review later. Looks and features are so good. Slim and weight less. Although many other phones are there in the market in this price range which has better features than this, I chose this because of the brand Moto. I don't know why moto is giving white charger for black phone. Last time, when i bought moto g3. They gave black charger for white phone.  I don't know what is the logic behind that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Mobile box was not sealed but I didn't report and started using because goods appeared intact.Handset is light weight, looks good but there are serious issues with signal reception. Network for both sims disappear during calls and call gets disconnected. There are no such issues with same SIMS in other handset.Calling is basic requirement of a mobile and if it is not working properly there is no way we can call mobile as good.When I called Amazon they told there is no replacement/ return policy. Instead they asked me to install smart check app which did not report any issue with my mobile. On subsequent use of this App it asks for PIN which as per Motorola customer care should be given by Amazon and Amazon says it is not required and I should uninstall and reinstall the App which will start the App without PIN but in vain.Motorola customer care are very few and I may have tough time with this set.I promise that I will give 5 star if Amazon and Motorola get my issues resolved. Else I will term it a waste of money and treat this as a learning cost.Enjoy Motorola and Amazon.. hamare paise pe aish karo.."
[10] "great phoneeasy to usemostly stock androidleast amount of bloatwareless pre-installed appswill get android n update soongood speaker (mono)supports vo-Ltegood enough camera but with high noise"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Best mobile at best price.Camera is goodBattery is goodTouch is smooth.No heat really.Overall very good product made in india.I support modi and make in India....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Camera not working, also it hangs and sound eco problem.. waste of money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Hi guys, I was in budget so, when I search then I got Moto g 4 play... It was worthy to buy this phone.. bcoz the specs is good enough.. and since it was a stock Android, and I love stock UI.. so I bought this phone.. so if u thinking buy this phone then go for it.."                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Very good handset for such price range.Camera is good.Sometimes hangs for some milliseconds.One major bug in phone is doesn't read external memory card."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "The phone is awesome but I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this device because of 1 simple reason. It won't get updated to Android Nougat 7.1. It's presently running on Android 6.0.1 & I don't think given its ancient underpowered hardware, it's gonna get any future updates. But otherwise it's a fine phone, much more reliable than Xiaomi's, Oppos & Vivos. Buy it software updates aren't your priority"                                           
 [6] "I bought this phone for my personal use. I already used Iphone and I am also carrying my official phone. Compared to all the other phones this one is best. This phone exactly deliver what i look for and the performance is good. It never got hang so far. Phone gets heat while charging. Rest all is fine.Those who are looking for a budget phone or having a budget of less than 10K please go for it. It worth every penny of your hard earned money."
 [7] "These mobile seriously better thanG4  plus no heating problem no leggingThese best mobile under 10k."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Mobile heating  problem while on charging and time of video call ... Apart from that every thing is good.. cardboard is not supporting for vr box 3d videos..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Excellent mobile under ₹10000 budget. Product packaging was good when received. Exceeds the expectations with good battery capacity along with large screen display and ample out of DAM(memory) allocated."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Feedback after 3 months usage.1) No rapid charging2) no upgrade available  to Android 73) heats up like anything when using. Jio TV and other video players4) just hype in description. No value for money.Only camera is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "The Mobile is very good. Easy to use. Good battery back up. But charging of battery is not as fast as described. Battery charges quick, if the mobile is switched off, but at normal speed when mobile is turned on.Storing of data to external storage [memory card] is not supported for some apps like WhatssApp, so internal memory space is occupied and needs to be cleaned regularly to have adequate space in the mobile memory.  .Mobile handset  is handy but it is slippery too."
 [2] "Very good mobile from motorola. Best from this price range. No heating problem. Some problem in old SD card acceptance due to old version. Overall best mobile from Moto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "I didn't get the power bank that was free with the mobile. This is highly disappointing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Dear friend many of here bought this phone and  getting signal issue . do a consumer case against motorola and amazon.money wasted buying this phone.we must do it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Phone is good as per the description but I am facing network issue which i never faced before in lumia 535. Although I am really not sure if it is a phone iasue or not."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Good phone under 9k. Don't hesitate just go for it... battery backup also good...in a word its cool for me...happy...worth buying... Planning to buy same once again...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Hitting problem after calling 10 minutes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "The performance of the phone is good. But we can't use volte sim on both sim port. If you activate data from sim one the another will automatically dropped to 2g. Though both sim port 'volte' acceptable we can use only one volte sim at a time. Don't confuse with dual stand by,it is single volte mobile.  There is no video calling option, you have to use third party software like skype,messenger etc."                                                                          
 [9] "The device was faulty when it came in package. The time was not correct, I updated all time settings but it kept showing different times in notification, home screen and lockscreen. Somehow it was not seen afterwards after restarting."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Very very bad review..to b Frank...my camera is not working from the 2nd month of purchase...no service centres in Kerala...wat to do...also battery back up very poor"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Speaker is worst, not have notification light , not have gyroscope, magnetometer, poor space utilization, below screen space is useless only have mic hole. size of screen is 5 inch but complete size of mobile is more than 5.5  inch mobiles of other brands."                                                                                                                            
 [2] "I have bought this phone on Nov '16..now its charging port is not working..I advice all not to use multiple charger as its port is very sensitive.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "GOOD PHONE"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "It's been 2 months I am using moto g play.. all of sudden all voices both incoming and outgoing get blocked even though full network coverage. It is happening frequently. Text and internet data working without any issues. Motorola has to fix the bug.."                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Best budget phone under 9K. I bought this phone for my mother, Decent camera,Good display, battery is good,Performance is superb & it's upgradable to Android 7 (Nougat).Go for this phone if your budget around 9k."                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Checkout both the Reviews on my utube channel DennisCNLew1. Full Review2. UnboXing & Camera Review"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "I received a defected piece...the microphone is not working...the person on the other end doesn't hear voice until n unless either speaker or earphone not used. Inconvenient while making calls. Not satisfied with the product."                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "It works with two Sims I called to customer care but they sId as per our app it works fine problem is I am not able to hear the voice on other side"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "The worst mobile. Basic thing s mobile need to do to call itself not working opposite side not able to hear and signal disconnects frequently"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "The phone which I received was having an issue with mic as the opposite side will not be able to hear my voice clearly when the speaker is turned off. But when speaker is turned on then on the opposite side my voice will be clearly visible. Really surprising what kind kind of issue is that.......Now the phone is under replacement and hope the new phone will not have such issue."
 [1] "Poor quality of camera glass. It scratched. Display quality poor. when I play heavy game display blinks... As well as poor customer service. Don't buy friends..."                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Phone is grate. No issue. camera, battery, touch all r grate but only issue is the delivery product is too late. For those i will give you 4 star. Thanks Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "No SD Card on Device, though the write up indicates a 16 GB Card. Also no Power Bank or Coupon Code for Power Bank. It remains to be seen if Airtel will give a 15 GB plan free as indicated. There is no instructions given on how to claim this offer. Phone otherwise looks decent. Only time will tell."                                                      
 [4] "Excellent and timely committed service by amazon!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Its a very good handset and also my first smart phone. I am getting used to it. The handset is very sensitive and does all performances at the slightest touch."                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "I switched on g4play from a Xperia z3 and I think this Moto is quite impressive. Great battery life, quite good build and overall specs pretty fine for the VERY low price I've paid (149Â€)! Only camera is not that good compared to Xperia one, but in proper decent conditions you can get quite reasonable pics. Overall,i'm totally satisfied with my Moto!"
 [7] "Best budget phone under 9K. I bought this phone for my mother, Decent camera,Good display, battery is good,Performance is superb & it's upgradable to Android 7 (Nougat).Go for this phone if your budget around 9k."                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Feedback after 3 months usage.1) No rapid charging2) no upgrade available  to Android 73) heats up like anything when using. Jio TV and other video players4) just hype in description. No value for money.Only camera is good"                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "After one month of exp.Pros:Good battery lifeCamera is descentNo lag issues.Cons:Can't make a conference call."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "Overall a good phone but giving two star less because the phone's main function of calling is disrupted as sim detection goes off in two days .. needs restart"                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Superb Phone though I have used it for few days,touch is excellent,battery charging takes an hour or so because double current rating and its really smooth."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "Decent phone meets my expectation.light weight compared to old moto series.worth for money.I personally think black looks better,however I took white,with exchange I got it little cheaper."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Still awaiting for the free Power Bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Cool mobile and meet all my expectation. Fast battery changing and have good battery backup. Camera quality is way better than others. No complaint so far."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "If you are taking this phone please think twice. There are no galleries for this phone. Lenovo gallery people tells that this phone can't be repaired by them. They guided me to another gallery of Motorola which is apparently closed. Stuck with this phone now. No one to help. Speakers not working. Heating issues still avail which is landmark of all Moto phones."                                   
 [6] "So many problems are occuring in the phone......caller ID is not displayed.....call gets cut in between while talking......will replacement be available ?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Excellent Phone.. Nice Camera..Motorola always keeps its name!! The best Moto under this price range..!!Delivery was as expected before time.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Please check the phone before you use.....I have received phone which sim card 1 slot was not working....now customer care officer says that this is out of warranty because of physical damage. And actually the damage is inside the mobile at motherboard. As simple how can I damage the phone at motherboard...So guys be careful before purchase the phone.Phone is awesome but the service is so poor."
 [9] "Firstly I thank you for your service.the product was delivered before the expected time.But at the same time when I checked in online the site shown that two 4g sim cards can be used but I realised that I was cheated.and I was expecting total moto phone but when I switched on the phone I realised it is collaborated by the lenovo mobiles.it is wrong."                                              
[10] "Excellent phone. the biggest change is the camera. its giving much better results than the moto G 1st generation phone.Its a a sleek slim and posh phone even youngters are loving it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "This phone arrived as promised by Amazon. Very light in weight yet super in performance. Perfect model for me. Loved it. Thanks Moto, Thanks Amazon for delivering such a fantastic product."                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "the phone is super awesome ! but a free power bank was promised at the time of booking it hasn't been fulfilled yet . therefore somewhat not satisfied ."                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "Phone is good but not give power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "MotorolaAs I love this phoneI planned this one !!And its working pretty well !If you wanna get this then give it a try !I love this device ! 😘😍"                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Excellent phone in this price point. Simple and hasslefree user interface. Both the cameras are good. Call & multimedia sound qualities are also good."                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "Well this is one of the beat phones of Moto it's fast,good cam quality,good work sense,very decent look,and weight less....worth of buy... For the ppl who doesn't want to spend much on mobile and still needs decent phone...."                                                                                                                       
 [7] "It's good but not batter why... because it's not change 50% in 15 mins as par moto company??2.Not showing notifications lights mail,whtaap,miss call ans msg etc..3. Malati taxesing not happening in this phone.4. Must improve"                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Lenovo Ruined It!I have used other Moto mobiles. They were awesome. I bought this phone for my dad as he lost his phone while traveling. I was prepared to be awestruck when I received the package. But I was totally disappointed. The build quality is awful. The design is the worst. The touch sensitivity is so bad. I wish I hadn't bought this!"
 [9] "After two week battery melted n even and all that stuff was over camera and phone got heating issue really dissatisfied and feel like my money wasted"                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Great phone at this price point. Nice Camera, Battery backup, I am average user no hick ups or hanging issue. Waiting for Android update by motorola."                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Light product owned by lenovo...never had bought if knew Moto had been taken over by lenovo"                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Value for the money. Very good phone in this range. Touch, Camera, voice, VOLTE, 4G everything is fine after 2 months."                                                                                         
 [3] "Excellent Phone, Battery works for two days for optimal use, does not get heat up too easily, nice and handy instrument easy to carry and lightweight, the performance is wonderful with in built 16 gb memory."
 [4] "A good phone in its range, but could have been way better. Its competitors are offering far more at this price."                                                                                                
 [5] "speaker is not good battery backup is poor"                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Phone is good but music and gallery option is not upto the mark comparative to other mobile co. Must be improve this feature."                                                                                  
 [7] "Nice phone within this budget"                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Didn't receive pack piece from green mobile. No gift coupon for power bank as well. Clear-cut cheating. Phone quality is very cheap. Unhappy with Amazon this time."                                            
 [9] "Quality of product is not as much as product from Moto. Speaker is not good and not that much audible in crowd"                                                                                                 
[10] "Mobile not working in properly"                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Moto is always good!!"                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "i feel moto e3 power is better than this. plz check the both price and features before buying."                                                                                       
 [3] "with in 1 year didnot work Touch .went to service center they told this is didnot include warrenty."                                                                                  
 [4] "But I can't set my ringtone from my MP3 songs and also it has single 4G LTE sim slot other one is only GSM"                                                                           
 [5] "Great phone...purchased for my dad.. It has nice configuration and user friendly interface which make easy to use for user...satisfied with the product and the Amazon delivery"      
 [6] "Excellent entry level budget phone with confidence"                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "After 7 days only the front camera is bot working...N its in service center since last 16 days. ..days more than I used it...one of the pathetic and faulty piece send by motorola..."
 [8] "Good job"                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Very very bad devices .....Not original Moto mobile....It's froud in mobile...Battery backup not sufficient...Very costly... because nothing any extra features....."                 
[10] "After using two weeks,No issue found. Mobile is working fine.Thanks to supplier for sending described product on time."                                                               
 [1] "Few features :1. Run smoothly in 4G network2. Light weight3. Stylish4. Superb battery5. Designed user friendly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "It's not up to my expectations, just a normal android phone with basic features,battery backup is not up to mark . So its not worthy mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Moto G4 Play ,overall performance is very good with fast charging ,good camera at this price range .But Ear phone is not up to mark..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "This review is gonna be different from others. I won't be mentioning about display, camera, or any other specification thing. Let's get right into my experience with this phone.So far the best android phone i have ever owned. I have owned a redmi 2 prime(almost same processor), and trust me, this phone is way faster than redmi2 (Dont know about redmi 3s though) . For all those complaining about the processor. Yes it has an old one, but it shouldn't matter since the performance is smooth and it plays GTA san Andreas on med setting very well. If you owned a high end phone or a tablet like me(i own an iPad air 2) you will immediately notice the difference in performance. Anyways this is one of the smoothest UI you will get in any phone below 10k . There was one thing which is disappointing, the audio output is less when compared to Xiaomi(or apple ) . If you have high end headphones with high resistance, you might have to use an amp. One last thing , this phone doesn't come with jio sim. It does support it,though. Also one let down is that when you Chromecast the screen , the quality is poor ( not more than 480p) and there is a significant drop in the performance. Youtube videos play seamlessly in 1080(on chromecast)"
 [5] "Product is gooood.. bt No Turbo Chrgr is bad.. Even moto E3 power has Turbo Charger"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Nice phone. Battery back up is good. Also, it charges fast. Best part is that it doesn't have the in-built apps which are usually obsolete."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "The mobile I ordered is good but as per our ads if I used my SBI credit card for the purchase I would get a  cash back of 15%  but my credit card statement does not show any cash back given.Pl look into the matter urgently"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "I received a defected piece...the microphone is not working...the person on the other end doesn't hear voice until n unless either speaker or earphone not used. Inconvenient while making calls. Not satisfied with the product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "I really regret for buying this. I found difficulty in hearing clear sound while calling, battery backup is pathetic and has heating issue"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Very good product.no hanging problem.everything is awesome..what I expect everything is there and good battery backup More than one day..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "Very nice and product is as per my expectations"                                                                                                                 
 [2] "Good one to buy but ,at times it gets hanged up but anyway you dont get anything more than this at thic cost,best mobile at this range,Moto has done its best !!"
 [3] "Good product and best mobile"                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Received defective piece on arrival  no one is helping here"                                                                                                     
 [5] "One thing camera is not up to the mark.All other things are good..."                                                                                             
 [6] "It is best phone brand compare to samsung."                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Product is nice . Amazon has not transferred the cash back thru pay balance yet for rs 1000."                                                                    
 [8] "Its okay!"                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Superb phone !Pure Android.I would have given 5 stars if there was a special slot only for SD card."                                                             
[10] "Well performance  with the price ."                                                                                                                              
 [1] "It's a mediocre phone, best suited for the parents or people who are new into android world does not uses any heavy applications.The processor and GPU works just fine.The battery I got with the phone is of 2685 mAh instead of 2800 mAh,don't know why, If anybody knows please clarify me (thanks in advance)BTW the phone which I got have many scratches on the sides (metallic frame portion), so I am gonna replace it.Also the packaging that I got with this phone is worst from amazon out of all the orders that I have placed with amazon."
 [2] "Mobile Not okOver heating issue"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "It's a pretty gud phone 2 use...NYC internals....Awesome​ body shape...😚😚😚 Better than stupid and vulgrous  China handsets..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "Phone is good, but it has heating issue. Temperature gets increased for normal conditions also."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Prompt delivery . Love the product also."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Poor battery and Charging Port. Plug in & out Charging Port hard. Lower configuration for this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Awesome mobile phone for youngsters....The build quality is good and the stock UI does not let it lag at all go for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "superamazon is super"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "The speakers are very annoying. Unable to hear voice properly of the caller."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Only few sensors present, we can't use compass application.Mobile phone will be hang while charging."         
 [2] "Phone is nice but now we are expecting something new in features and design from moto."                       
 [3] "Moto g4 play update 7.0 ?"                                                                                    
 [4] "it is very good Mobile i ever buyied , battery backup awesome , thanks to Amazon good Service"                
 [5] "Have not found good set very weired behaviour sometimes not reflecting saved contact list and phone history." 
 [6] "Good one"                                                                                                     
 [7] "Battery backup is not so good and there are other product at this same price which are free better than this."
 [8] "Decent performance"                                                                                           
 [9] "Exelent"                                                                                                      
[10] "It's looking cool ,but the charger I expected turbo it's not like that is simple data cable charger."         
 [1] "DEFECTIVE ON ARRIVAL . NO REFUNDS ONLY REPLACEMENTS . THINK BEFORE BUYING ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Overheating issues from day 1.But a nice buy compared to other brands in this amount."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "The phone is good.Amazon case back through the app they declined 15 to 10 percent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Product achaaa haiPar1000 rupia Amazon pay balance FAKE haiso be alert"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Budget phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "INTRODUCTION:xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxVery recently, I was presented this opportunity to choose a mobile for my friend who can’t help himself but to forget or drop his mobile phone in a repeated fashion. His previous Nokia windows mobile kept going for long but finally succumbed to his handling manners. LOL.Thus, I was put up in a situation to find a good economically viable & VFM mobile as most of us would like to have, but before we proceed with the review ,Its always important to set our priorities straight as the final purchase process would be a way full of distractions & not just a straightforward plunge.Let’s check if my requirements are aligned to any of you as well.PRIORITIES & EXPECTATIONS FROM THE PRODUCT :xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1.) PRIMARY USAGE :a.) Regular Priorities : Internet surfing , Video watching, VoLTE capable & a decent Camera.b.) Occasional Priorities : Sparse gaming & music on loudspeakers.2.) HANDLING AND CARE : Rough to negligent. Might be used for videos & games by kindergarten kids.3.) BUDGET : Entry level and below 10000.Must never hurt to break or lose the mobile.4.) SOCIAL STATURE : Must be well preserved with a reputed Brand name.5.) LOOKS : Must be sleek & slip resistant to hold. Must fit any shirt or jeans pocket.6.) OS & HARDWARE :a.) Bloatware free stock Android 6 or more.2 GB RAM with not less than 16 GB internal expandable microSD card.b.) Must be Dual SIM with 4G and VoLTE.c.) Good viewing angles and contrast ratio with a super responsive touchscreen.d.) Decent Autofocussing camera with LED flash & high shutter speeds.e.) Not less than 5.0 inches with HD resolutionf.) A reputed trusted brand with easy availability of service centres.g.) Decent one day Battery backup with preference to removable battery & rapid charging.h.) Slip resistant to hold, Solid loudspeakers & Decent legibility under sun.i.) Last but not the least, must be extremely rugged with corning gorilla glass protection.Now, Lets examine the Merits & De-Merits of contenders one by one:1.) SAMSUNG ON5/ON7 PRO : ( * Never Buy TFT’s )xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxPros:a.) Decent price tag of around 8000 bucks.b.) Grand Brand name & reliability of Samsung.c.) HD 720p resolution,Reputed camera & Decent Quadcore 1.3 GHz CPU & Mali T720 GPU.Cons :a.) A basic TFT display which is by no means worthy to look at.b.) No mention of any display protection like dragon tail or gorilla glass.c.) 8 GB internal memory with 1.5 GB RAM not re-assuring by any means for future upgrades.The cons with TFT screen (even for ON7),no display protection and 8 GB/1.5 GB internal memory/RAM were a big NO,so ruled out of contention.2.) Samsung J2 Pro 2016 : ( A serious Contender with S.AMOLED Display )xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxPros:a.) A 5.0 “superAmoled screen was a big plus.b.) 1.5 GHz quad core CPU with turbo speed technology to load apps faster.c.) Decent price tag of around 9000 bucks.d.) Android marshmallow & Decent low light snaps.Cons:a.) Smart glow and back cover design and plastic not upto my taste (personal preference).Overall Seems delicate to my usage.b.) No fast battery charging options.c.) Low loud speaker output.Me and my friend did not like a bit fragile & odd back design of this as a personal preference ,though On specs I would surely recommend this over any Xiaomi or entry level mobile.A sAMOLED display beats any IPS /TFT display at any given time and also conserves battery.3.) Xiaomi Redmi 3s/3s prime : ( Looks better on Specs & features but…)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxIts Xiaomi's raining everywhere but Xiaomi’s are a bit tricky.Its phone specs may look good on paper with phenomenal 3 GB RAM and 32 GB internal memory but its memory management is not as efficient as bloatfree OS of MOTO G4 play and webpages,games & app load anytime faster on Moto’s than on the Xiaomi 3S/Primes.On Bootup/shutdown times ,games & photo editing it MOTO G4 might suffer a bit though due to lower CPU and ram configurations.Pros:a.) Higher CPU & GPU configurations.32 GB/3GB Ram vs 16 GB/2GB ram on Moto G4 play.b.) All metal build though the buttons are of plastic in contrast to metal ones on Moto G4 play.c.) Better HDR dynamic range.Selfies are wide angle with better contrast ratios.d.) Equipped with fingerprint scannerfor better security and IR blaster for any TV or AC remote functions.Gyroscope missing on G4 play.e.) Fast battery charging as in moto G4 play.Cons:a.) Both G4 play and redmi produce oversaturated colors though G4 play mostly captures with warmer color tones.b.) The metal shine wears off in a month or two from the redmi 3S primes.c.) Inferior RAM management & bloatware cluttered MIUI OS causing lag in loading of apps games and webpages. So if the primary use is just surfing or apps ,Moto G4 play is better.d.) Touch seems to be much responsive on Moto G4 play than Redmi.e.) Service center penetration of Lenovo Motorola far superior to Xiaomi.MOTO G4 PLAY FEATURES :xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1.) A decent rugged build entry level mobile phone .A metal rim on circumference to take any impact. Corning Gorilla glass 3 protection on display with a water repellant nano coating for protection against minor liquid spillages.2.) Most amazing 10 W charger adaptor where with 15 minutes you can get 5 hours backup. charges at 5.2 V DC with 2.0 Amps of current. Charger has a USB port where a dual data/power cable could be connected.3.) OTG enabled usb port & super responsive 5.0”HD IPS wide angle display with 294 PPI . clutter free Android 6(Marshmallow) OS updateable to Android 7 (Nougat) ,loads apps, games, webpages super fast.4.) Dual SIM 4G & VoLTE support on both SIMs.5.) 9.9 mm Thin profile with textured anti-slip back and 137 gms in weight.6.) Lighter Li-Po 2800 mAh battery with easy 1 days backup.7.) Decent 8MP autofocussing f/2.2 primary camera with LED flash & fast shutter speeds .manual exposure control on the Fly is additional advantage. Pics may get overexposed at times and low light snaps may not be the best but again clarity is good.8.) Sun legibility is quite OK but not as good as on other Xiaomi or J2 pro 2016.9.) No gyroscope, fingerprint sensor or IR blaster to add to the feature richness.10.) A Quadcore 1.2 GHz CPU with 2 GB ram against octacores /3 GB RAMs in Xiaomis .Its effect though hardly noticeable in routine operations except Bootup/Shutdown times, High end gamings or any other CPU/GPU intensive jobs like Photo editing.11.) Front situated Loudspeakers superb Loud and clear unlike rear placed on Xiaomi mobiles.12.) Service center penetration better to Xiaomi’s but inferior to Samsung.OVERALL VERDICT FOR MOTO G4 PLAY :xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxFor those looking for a cheap and best reputed branded, rugged good VFM mobile with Rapid charging, Decent camera with good clarity, Loud and clear Loudspeakers ,HD IPS wide angle, super responsive display and blazing fast loading of apps & webpages, Moto G4 play is the best choice.Its an entry level mobile so do not expect Flagship model performances.Its quite good for all basic functions with decent hardwares.It meets serious competition from the SuperAMOLED equipped Samsung J2 pro 2016 and feature rich Xiaomi Redmi mobiles at a little extra cost.However, at the end of the day, It’s a matter of personal preference ,usage & expenditure since we all know there’s always something better to buy with an extra money.***You may like to go for better feature laden Moto G4 plus for a little extra***xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxFYI, I myself own a 64 GB Samsung S6 edge which was more than 6 times the Moto G4 play’s cost but if you ask me in terms of VFM today ,I don’t see the superiority of S6 over G4 or for instance MOTO G4 plus  in the same proportion. So finally its your wise decision to make based upon your priorities."
 [9] "Product is fabulous but product is not delivered to me within specified time.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "I love this mobile it is most embrassing mobile in motorola history i think!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Camera is not suitable for Indore photos it is suitable for outside photos"
 [2] "The phone gets heated up and display has stopped working in ten months."   
 [3] "Good one value for money"                                                  
 [4] "Very poor battery backup, draining very fast even in stand by mood."       
 [5] "good"                                                                      
 [6] "Awesom phone in this budget. Camera quality is disappointed me."           
 [7] "Nice product ...chargine takes average time otherwise ok"                  
 [8] "Very excellent productCamera very product"                                 
 [9] "good one"                                                                  
[10] "One of the best phone under INR 9000/-"                                    
 [1] "In less than 2 months, phone conked off. There is also high rate of heating during a call. Very very poor product from Moto G.Extremely disappointing as I had considered Moto G product to be of high standard. This is my third Moto G purchase and probably the last."                                                                       
 [2] "A very good product from Motorola. I have been using it for the last three months till date I haven't face any problem."                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Received moto g4 play phone on friday. Phone is in good condition but have not received coupon code for free powerbank."                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Received the delivery a day early (Seller is too fast)....Nice packing and mobile performance is out of my expectations....It is simply awesome.... I  give a rate of satisfactory 5/5 or 10/10 to buy a product from Amazon.Moto G Play, 4th Gen (White)"                                                                                      
 [5] "Good phone for the price.If you can spend 1500-2000 more get a Moto G4 to get following advantages over this phone:Bigger screenBigger batteryFast chargingCons: Lack of compass sensor makes navigation a difficult task"                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Very good phone loaded with all features. I had no problem using it. Just it's battery needs to be chagered regularly."                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "I have used higher end phones but was never happy with them. Until i started using this. This phone doesn't stop amazing me. Yes it is very much toned down version of Moto G4, the hardware as well as the OS. But still what better deal could you find for this price!The brand of moto and the super quality experience of vanilla Android."
 [8] "Speaker is worst, not have notification light , not have gyroscope, magnetometer, poor space utilization, below screen space is useless only have mic hole. size of screen is 5 inch but complete size of mobile is more than 5.5  inch mobiles of other brands."                                                                               
 [9] "A perfect phone for everyday use. Battery is superb...I'm using both Jio and idea 4g and still it manages to last for a day....user interface is super smooth...display is good...I have galaxy s7 and was looking for a secondary phone...but now I'm using this phone more than my galaxy....highly recommend...."                            
[10] "Phone worked well for few days . Now the SD card is automatically getting ejected . Couldn't find what's the problem."                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Waste of money it was heating and no battery alsoIf u open the music app also continuously the battery will be less"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Best phone in this budget range.pros:good front camera,long lasting battery,10w charger which can make your battery 100% in just 40-50 mins.weightless.cons:Cant play heavy games,google play music app crashes sometimes.Though this is a very good budget smartphone with all entertaining features ! WORTH IT"                                                                  
 [3] "Microphone is not working and neither is the headphones jack. And there is no service center anywhere within 100km near my location. Now we understand the need to buy those that sell in retail stores, because those are assured to have better service centers."                                                                                                                
 [4] "Not good for those who have already used better phones. Not price worthy. Limited features and settings. Camera does not seem like given. Screen too bright, not compatible/ soothing for eyes. Only charging is good, but not battery standby. Bought yesterday want to sell today as I'm  not satisfied with it's quality. Many better phones are available. It's not REFUNDABLE"
 [5] "The product is excellent value for money - but Amazone 1000/ cash back offer on Pre paid buy is still not received"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "It's been 2 months I am using moto g play.. all of sudden all voices both incoming and outgoing get blocked even though full network coverage. It is happening frequently. Text and internet data working without any issues. Motorola has to fix the bug.."                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Till now it was nice .... Good gaming experience .... Will update regarding usage... Nice OS and good performance"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Device gets heated near ear speakers and hence cannot answer calls without headphones. Suggest remedy on warranty"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "After using about a week no problems found . Camera is OK no heating problem and light weight . Totally satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "I am facing problem while using the phone. The problem is that I am not able to hear properly counter party voice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "It is a good phone in 8 to 10k range. battary packup is awsome. Good front speaker. Go blindly in 8 to 9k range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Using from a month now..Lot of Heating problem is there.. Also Battery drains so fast and no Quick charge.. Taking Almost more than hour  to complete 100%.Camera is Ok..Touch is good..Not good phone and Amazon service.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Great device.So so happy to provide me the opportunity to purchase that product from Amazon.It;s really amazing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "MOTO is my favourite brand... It is a above expected good quality phone in a below expected price....i love it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "Mobile phone is heating continuously mainly during charging , calling and stops usually, most of the time i need to switch it off and restart to use it. Lenovo service centers are worst too as they don't offer any free service during warranty period too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "I bought this phone on 6th sep and received it on 8th Sep 2016.Packing: Packing was really bad, but delivery was quick.Built: Phone's built is not very impressive, Slightly thicker body. The back cover is really low quality. It feels like it will melt during summer due to heat. The button shows good amount of feedback that is a good thing. Corning gorilla glass, water repellent coating make it reliable.Camera: Rear camera (8 mp LED Flash) and Front Camera (5 mp) shows very good color reproduction in low light as well as artificial lights. Negative point is that the front camera doesn't have led flash. There are editing and beautification options too. There is a secondary mic for noise cancellation.Display: 720 p hd display with CG glass. Short cut option for one handed operation available. Good viewing angles, edges are smooth and sharp. Sun readability not upto the mark.Processer : Snapdragon 410 processor at a price point of 8999 ' can be said BETTER because if we would have had 615 octa core processor it could have caused heating issues. Therefore, given processor can be said better at this price point for this phone.Android versions: Marshmallows 6.0 good system with no bloat wares is exceptionally great thing about this phone.File manager: A file manager app is given instead of a gallery. Not very impressive!In short, the gallery is summarised in file manager so that we are able to access photos, videos, word, PDF, zip files. It is good thing to get all things at one place.Sound: Sound quality is better not best with speaker as well as headphones given. You need to buy best quality head phones which is already mentioned in the offers for buyersUI: stock android UI is lag free , but RAM management is not as good as compared to Redmi 3s prime. If you open up 10-15 apps simultaneously, while switching to the first open app it starts to reload....Gaming: gaming is average, some frames drops at times while playing hd games. If you are a Gamer consider buying high end phones Better GPU with all sensors like gyro, compass and ram over 4 gb with 820 snapdragon processor.Continued....Jio sim review:I found calls being made very easily with Jio 4g sim. No need to install any voice calling app. Data connectivity is also good not better since Jio speed reduces. Calls quality is better with Jio. But other operators does not provide sufficient POI (point of interconnect) to Jio . This has been the major problem. Also to let you know that Jio calls are made through data connections it further deteriorates the situation considering the fact that other operators are not provide support to Jio.To conclude, I would say that calls are better not best using Jio. Internet quality from Jio would be rated as 3½ stars"
 [7] "Bad Product.Please do not buy since the Battery which comes along with it gets damaged before a a month."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Dont buy motorola phones..they do not provide solution for the bugs in their software updates and app updates."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Nice mobile at this range long loasting battery back up with jio sim. looking nice. Happy to buy this mobile.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "This good for at this price. But when I purchased in5 % cash back scheme . Till today I can't get my cash back"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Excellent product" "very good product" "Its nice"         
 [4] "Heating problem"   "Nice cellphone"    "Awesome phone"    
 [7] "Satisfied"         "very nice"         "Worst"            
[10] "Good"             
 [1] "Just only got the phone..first sincerely thank amazon.. faster deliver ... Phone look great design and gud performance"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "excellent product but little scratch on side chrome and  just now opened earphones and they are totally not working .... performance wise mobile is great ... but now i would have to buy new earphone which will cost me another 600 bucks ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Dont go for it, I have taken this phone and from the first day itself it gets heated will charging and when internet is on.Its unable to attended the call also, it heates so much.I am calling Amazon for replacement by they are also not responding properly and just doing Timepass by sayingthat we had forward the query to MOTO customer care, by I had not received any phone/SMS form MOTO.Very Bad experience with Amazon and moto. Dont go for this."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Its ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "This my mobile default mobile very very heat generated in Mobile you can see and after purchase in any budy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "I do not received free power bank still yet.No charging light indicationmobile found heating up"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Moto G4 Play is a budget mobile which would satisfy the requirements of a moderate to high smartphone user. Amazon promises a cashback which is an other reason to rejoice.Pros of the mobile:1. A compact 5 inch rather than a 5.5. which is difficult to handle.2. Good speaker quality. It is louder. With less noise.3. VoLTE - can use stock android dialer rather than Jio4GVoice in case you are a jio user.4. A good battery backup. 6 hrs 4G on and I have still 40 percent charge .5. Dual sim plus a memory slot. No hybrid sim. Freedom comes here.6. Though free RAM is around 900MB on boot, it is seamless.7. Good earphone quality.8. Both sim supports 4G. If 1 gb runs out on 1 jio switch to the next sim and enjoy free data.Cons:1. Camera quality very bad . I had Samsung E5 earlier which was much better in terms of pictures.2. No nougat update yet. Hope it would arrive in some time.3. No multi window option. I had it in earlier mobile.4. It heats up a little on continuous 4G but bearable.5. No fingerprint scanner but doesn't matter much.It is a good mobile in this range and one can go for it."
 [8] "Received a not working device and found no way to return the item. Return item process always takes to technical support page and from there it is like a dead end. SIM does not get recognised on the phone and return process of amazon sucks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "it is a very superb phone loaded with all the features that u can expect from a smart phone it is great value for each and every paisa that u guys are spending overall it is a very superb awesome product from motorola promoted by amazon i have been using this product for two days thanks to amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Ya this product very nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Poor performance, Heat issue, Ram is sufficient but you couldn't install app due to poor cpu performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Awesome budget  smartphone from moto.. i love motorola phones ..that give s u simple ,perfect software ..and updates are fastest ,,i have 3 motorola phone ..moto e2 ,moto g4plus ,and now new moto g4play,, all works best 4 me..go 4 it ..the buyer can even buy moto g3 turbo"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Good delivery by Amazon.Good mobile in the price range of 8000.Removable battery is there in the mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "All motos have a common problem. Often notifications come and block the call receive button. I find it difficult to receive those calls then. By the time I wipe off all the notifications the call gets cut. A new problem in this moto g4 play is that many incoming calls are not getting registered. I am fedup with this mobile. This is my third moto phone and I am not happy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Overall good mobile on an average..Moto can give more better features in it..Disappointed about the Moto gastures there is only 1 gastures in this...In Moto g4 plus there are 4-5 gastures for ease..please add those in g4 play also.. like the double chop action for flashlight...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "This product/purchase turned out to be Value for money for me.. Product is strongly recommended under 10k phone category.. Only suggestion is if battery could be above 3000 mah though current config is also decent and lasts more than a day.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "The most cheapest phone don't buy it. Twice I replaced it but they handed me the defective item. Motorola handover to lenovo have degraded the quality of phones. I thinknow Motorola need to make there own phones."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Its not as it is described , scratches scratches scratches , and this is description about this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Nice phone and the charge holding capacity is great. Thanks amazon for such a wonderful phone again :-)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Camera:Camera is too good.Rear camera is 8 MP & Front Camera is 5 MP with dual LED Flash.Memory:Internal Memory 16 GB, where user can use 11.08 GBOS:Operating system is Android 6.0.1.RAM:2 GBBattery:Battery is also too good.In 2G Mode - Battery Backup for 2 or more days.In 3G Mode - Battery Backup for 1.5 days to 2 Days.In 4G Mode - Battery Backup for 1 Days.Screen:Screen resolution is very good also & the screen size is 5\"Sound:Its sound like dolby in its Headphone.Also Phone sound too good.Other features like WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS all are too good.Also the last thing is, after continue watching video or playing game, the phone is its normal temperature.I like this phone & My suggestion to you, if you want to buy a new phone, you can purchase it.Thanks to Moto & Thanks to Amazon."
 [1] "The phone which I got its not even switching on only and when I try to replace it it says to visit some Tech support URL from that phone, how can i visit that Tech support URL if the phone is not even switching on so tell me how I can replace this phone?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "All of sudden the phone gets stuck and speakers doesn't work and for thirty minutes I have to switch it on and off..Not even 15 over its starts giving me trouble. I want to return the product.. I think it's defective piece you have sent across...I don't have that many applications too..I hardly use my phone.."                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black) Amazing product. One of the best gadget in this range. Making the order on Amazon website was smooth & time taken for delivery was just superb. Thank you Amazon.Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)I GOT THIS PHONE FREE FROM A AMAZON SELLER TO REVIEW ITSO TO SAY IT HONESTLY IN ONE WORD IT IS A AVERAGE PRODUCT IN MY OPINIONPROS:-1)IT IS PURE ANDROID SO THAT YOU WILL GET THE UPDATES FASTER2)CAMERA IS A GOOD THING IN IT3)DISPLAY IS SO SHARP4)SPEAKERS ARE GOODCONS:-1)COMING TO THE CONS WE GET ONlY 2 GB OF RAM SO IT MAY LAG SOMETIMES AND WE CANNOT PLAY HIGH END GAMES PERFECTLYCOMING TO THE POINT IS A BETTER DEVICE FOR A AVERAGE USER.THIS PHONE IS NOT FOR GAMERS"
 [5] "After using it for whileNot a very good phone in this price range, I should have waited for a little for Redmi Note 4. :("                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Speaker doesn't work properly, the sound quality is worst. I can't hear the sound track clearly when I play songs or videos. Otherwise, it is good to use. The video clarity, camera, the look and all good. The main problem with this is the sound quality and it is very worst in that case."                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "I have purchased this phone for my mother who does not use all the features but she is happy with the functionality.The phone sometimes hangs or require a reboot but it is not a problem at all as I also have Moto G4 Plus which also have similar problem as my other Android & Apple Phones.Network: 5/5Audio/Video: 5/5Display: 5/5User Friendly: 5/5"                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Super mobile, gud camera quality sound, internet  speed...I suggest this mobile to Anyone....👍👍👍👍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Very very worst phone, I never ever seen like this branded mobile. It does not have good display,  it's seems like low resolution display even in full brightness. And the camera quality very poor,  does not take original color. Pls. don't buy. Go for redmi or honor. It's a warning, who going to buy this mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Moto g play. It was fantastic. Very nice body and its style too. Camera was good. Its really handy to use.Worth for price. Simply awesome and just wonderful...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "the moto g4 play is the budget option from Motorola in the 4th gen moto g series, as being under 10,000 rs is it better than its competitors? let's find out.-------------------------------------------WHATS IN THE BOX-===================1. THE G4 PLAY ITSELF2. USB CABLE3. TURBO CHARGER4. BASIC EARPHONES5. MANUALS AND WARRENTY GUIDE.------------------------------------------THE DESIGN AND SCREEN-=========================The moto g4 play has a full plastic built, it doesn't feel great like the Redmi note 3 in hand. the back and the battery are removable where you will also find the micro sd card slot and dual 4g sim card slot, it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine. the g4 play is only 137 gm so it feels very light while holding. the g4 play doesn't have the finger print scanner. the only speaker that the g4 play have is the earpiece, it works pretty well for both calls and media consumption. the 5 inch display is decent, it's only 720p but colors looks decent and vibrant, with decent amount of brightness, but the viewing angles are not that great the colors gets washed out in some angles. the display is not better than the Redmi note 3 or the coolpad note 5,but it gets the job done.-------------------------------------------------THE PERFORMENCE-===================the moto g4 play has the snapdragon 410 processor with the adreno 306 gpu and 2 gb of ram, the processor works great for day to day usage and casual gaming, it also handles heavy usage pretty well but the gaming performance is not that good, there is a lot of lagging in heavy games. the multitasking of this phone was pretty average with the 2 gb I was able to only run 4-5 apps in the background. the moto g4 play runs on the android 6.0 marshmallow with the stock android UI on top of it, the UI is very nice it doesn't have much bloatware right out of the box. I personally love the stock android looks, but many people don't like it much.-------------------------------------------THE CAMERA-=============the 8mp rear camera is pretty average, under natural lighting, the dynamic range is okay, with decent color reproduction but sometimes the exposure compensation doesn't work that good, the low light performance is pretty bad, there is a lot of noise in the images. the camera does shoot videos in 1080p resolution but again the video quality is pretty average.the front facing 5mp camera is okay the images looks a bit over saturated for me but it is nice not great.------------------------------------------THE BATTERY-================the 2800 mah battery is pretty average as well, you may get a day of battery life on moderate usage. but it is not good for heavy users or gamers. the g4 play does support fast charging and comes with the turbo charger, it takes around  2.5 or 3 hours to get fully charge.-------------------------------------------THE PROS-===========1. DECENT BUILT2. DUAL SIM WITH 4G VoLTE SUPPORT3. MICRO SD CARD SLOT4. GOOD FOR DAY TO DAY MODERATE USAGE5.  DECENT DISPLAY6. DECENT SPEAKER-THE CONS-===========1. AVERAGE CAMERA2. AVERAGE BATTERY LIFE3. NOT GOOD FOR MULTITASKING OR INTENSE GAMING4. NO FINGERPRINT SCANNER5. NO GYROSCOPE MEANS NO VR SUPPORT----------------------------------------FINAL VERDICT- the moto g4 play is a pretty average smartphone with average specs, it is only good for moderate users and those who love stock android experience, for performance wise the Redmi note 3 performs better in processing, camera, and battery performance.----------------------------------------IF YOU LIKE MY REVIEW PLEASE SUPPORT BY CLICKING ON THAT HELPFUL BUTTON, IT MEANS  ALOT.-----------------------------------------THANK YOU"
 [2] "Bought this for Rs7999(+Rs750 cashback so basically for Rs7250). And this might be the best phone in the price segment.Pros-1. Stock Android Experience without any bloatwares with OS 6.0.1( might get 7.0 update). Volte supported.2. Both the cameras are very good considering the price. Front facing camera does very good job in natural light. Even rear facing camera is better than other phones like Lenovo (parent company!), Xiaome. It does Pretty good job in natural light.Cameras interface is easy and user friendly.Easy access to the exposure setting that helps take good pictures in low light and over exposed sun light.3. Though it is fully made up of plastic, the build quality seems good. plastic makes it weigh light . It has Gorilla Glass v3 protection. Check out some YouTube videos regarding build quality.4. It has nano coating that protects phone from accidental splashes, direct rainfalls on the screen. (However most of the smartphones can resist the splashes)5. Screen quality is pretty good (294ppi)6.MOTO sensors.7. Excellent sound output. More than I expected. I have lenovo phone with dolby speakers(claimed!) But moto has a far better sound output.7. After sell services by Lenovo- Motorola is excellent. They have their authorized service centers in almost all cities.8. Rapid charger (2amp, 5.2V, 10w output ) charges the phone pretty fast. However it is not a very fast or a quick charger.9. Battery backup is good. On 4g network and usual day-to-day usage it will last a day for sure.Cons-1.For the regular price of Rs8999 it should have 32gb of storage but it has 16gb storage, user storage is 11gb. 2gb of ram is enough for the normal user.2. No gyroscope sensor - If you are thinking to enjoy VR at such low price , forget it.3.Screen to body ratio is too less. Bezels are too broad and hence make the device unnecessarily broad. It is bit thicker.4. Cameras in artificial light or low light isn't good.5. Processors given is sd410, phone lags when played( in MX player )full HD videos. Might depend upon player app used.All the con's are totally negligible .Conclusion- Battery could have been better.Processor is not made for heavy users. Normal users will not be affected. I got this phone for Rs7999 so it was good deal for me. If it costed me Rs8999 i wouldn't have given 5star.if you are planning to buy it for Rs8999 , I would suggest you add some extra bucks to your budget and look at other moto phones like moto g4 plus. Or wait for the price drop.Cons are totally negligible.Overall specifications justify the price. And if you are a normal user then you should sure go for it.Hit the helpful button."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "I was looking for a budget friendly phone with good camera quality(Front as well as rear).This fitted my requirement.Hence if you are looking for a nice camera phone within your budget I guess this is a good option."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Don't buy iam used in after one month . phone mic its problem . And speaker also its up normal sound"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "I am extremely wounder by other people comments that how didn't they find heating problem in this mobile....Guys, everything is good but 100% heating problem is there..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Good for the value...The cash back , made it cheaper...Thanks Amazon for the deal..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "VOLTE is there . Good for the cost."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "incoing call screen does not appear on main screenhave to make on and offi want to replace ot return the product pl arrangekasale p t9766620090"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Got the sim slot 1 damaged"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Dont buy this mobile worst mobile for capture pics ,it does not capture even like 2mega pixel  mobile .I purchased Moto g 4 play on big billion sale on that day It contains free 10000mah power bank free with this but I did not get still.P home speaker had some problem .noise in speaker when phone is ringing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Worst Phone. Catching the network is horrible. You cannot make/receive calls as i received a defective phone. When asked for replacement, they are telling that MOTO team will call and confirm. 3 days since i have raised the issue, Not got any response till date. This is very sad."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "I received the package in a fair time in around 3 days on 28th October. Opened the package on 28 October.  Overlooking, I inserted SIM and put it on charger. Tried to switch it on after half n hour. No results. Again tried after 1 hour and 2 n half hour with disappointment. The phone didn't switch on. Asked for a replacement the product was picked up today i.e 29th October around 2 Pm waiting for replacement product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "loved service of amazon but its not a phone for moto lovers its lenovo phone in the name of Moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Perfect product .Good camera quality front & back. (Working as 13mp & 5mp even though it's a 8mp&5mp)slightly lagging (If you use mote than 10apps at a time but not much)nice audio & video quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "My phone is defected. I got to knw that when I insert a memory card in ir. After 10 days I insert the memory card I got to knw that memory card sometimes show and after the passes of time it didn't show. I want to be replaced my mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Battery backup and signals grasping is very weak I was  tried so many times to give return but they told we r not responsible for that and totally responsible is only moto service but not connect moto service.finally I told amazon also cheating in my purchase. Amazon also loss  credibility."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Happy with the phone performance.The only sad thing is that outside body is completely plastic"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "I bought this phone around 6 months ago during the Diwali period and got a good offer. Very happy with the phone in terms of -  performance - snappy and no lag despite installing 40 - 50  Apps and putting 12- 15  GB of data for photos, music files. Performs the same after the V7 Nougat update. - battery lasts a day at the most with moderate usage. - turbo charger charges the phone fast - 10 - 15 mins gives it 30-50 % charge and 1 to 1.5 hours for a full charge depending on how much power the batter had. It took a bit of time to figure out how to get it working initially though as it kept saying slow charging on the screen though I was using the turbo charger. - camera is quite good, not that great in low light. - almost stock Android with no skins, bloatware etc, easy to use and you get OS updates quite fast as Google releases newer versions - perhaps the best part if this is important to you. - fingerprint scanner makes locking / unlocking the phone a breeze."
 [9] "Nice package at 9k, Camera should be at least 13 MP. Very easy to carry,thanks for turbo charging."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "This phone hangs a lot eventhough inreplaced with the same prob now 2months crossed worst performance i dont know poor performance.Hanging prob lags a lot.Waste of my money i not going to buy any mobile online"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Not a water repellent phone. 3Rd class"             
 [2] "Nice product with quick delivery before expected..!"
 [3] "Nice phone light weight amazing"                    
 [4] "Nice one"                                           
 [5] "is a good phone with essential features"            
 [6] "getting always hang .. heating too much"            
 [7] "not so good not so bad"                             
 [8] "Good working and stylish for ladies"                
 [9] "Good phone... Working properly"                     
[10] "Good"                                               
 [1] "I want refund money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Nice one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Superb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Good product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "DesignPro: The Moto G4 is lightweight and packed with solid hardware.Con: Missing features like NFC are kind of a bummer.DisplayPro: By making the display smaller in the G4 Play, it makes the device easier to grip.Con: Unfortunately, the display has a lower resolution — which makes it less sharp than the other G4 devicesUser InterfacePro: The lack of clutter in the operating system makes the G4 Play much more intuitive than other Android devices.Con: The lack of bells and whistles makes it less appealing to consumers that want higher end smartphones. For example, you won’t be able to record in 4K using the G4 Play nor does it have a fingerprint sensor.ProcessorPro: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor is sufficient for handling productive tasks using the G4 Play.Con: It is unfortunate that the G4 Play has an outdated processor instead of a new one.RAMPro: 2GB is a solid amount of RAM especially for a device that has a starting price of Rs.8999Con: Even though the amount of RAM integrated in the device is substantial, the CPU is what drives the speed and that is slightly outdated.CameraPro: Having 8 megapixels on the back and 5 megapixels on the front is a solid offering.Con: The camera on the Moto G4 Play tends to struggle in low light conditions and the video recordings can be a bit shaky.BatteryPro: The 2,800 mAh battery ensures that you could have as much as a day or a day and a half of phone usage available.Con: The charger that comes with the G4 Play embedded so you can detach the USB cable and connect it to your computer. I would recommend buying a separate Quick Charge 2.0 charger instead of using the one that comes in the box.StoragePro: The ability to expand up to 128GB using a microSD card is convenient. This means you can save a ton of music, photos and video files on the device with the additional storage. Plus Google offers unlimited photo storage through Google Photos, which is seamlessly integrated into the Moto G4 Play.Con: The internal storage options seem to be on the lower end of the scale for smartphones for what you would expect in 2016. Storage tiers offered by other smartphones generally start at 32GB and then go as high as 256GB.Overall ImpressionIf you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons. With a starting price of Rs.8999 unlocked and support for all four major U.S. carriers, it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "excellent phone, i have it , works very well since 6 monthsno lags, 4G VOLTE support, dual sim and SD card slotandroid N will come soon (i think)complete budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Buy this mobile and reviewing it after using more then a week==============================================  Good things*******************#  The mobile is very comfortable to hold because of back panel texture#  Both camera quality is very good ,colour reproduction is also good#  Sound quality of speakers and mic is very good#  Display quality is also very good with wide viewing angles#  Battery backup is very good easily last for a day with heavy usage#  Very good in multitasking ,thanks to 2g.b ram  Bad things******************#  snapdragon 410 quadcore processor is downgrade of this smartphone,  at this price tag other company like mi , lenovo, gionee, meizu are  providing octacore snapdragon processor.#  Build quality is very good but made of plastic even the side rim of the  smartphone is made of plastic, nowdays other brands use metal# Very straight forward ui very simple.like ios not very customisable"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "I'm going to compare this to the Moto E3 Power so that everyone can decide whether to give 1,000 bucks moreI will judge the phones on 5 factors:1.Build2.Display3.Performance4.Camera5.BatteryBuild Quality-Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the Moto E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the Moto G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the dedicated speaker grill.The back of Moto E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the Moto G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Display-Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.The viewing angles are great as well.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has the Moto Display and other Moto Actions, the E3 Power doesn't have them since it doesn't have the Moto App.Performance-Here things take a kind of a ugly turn.The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Camera-Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery-While the E3 Power comes with a 3500maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 2 to 3 hours to fully charge the device from 0%.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.However the battery life on the E3 Power has reduced after a software updateBugs- The Moto E3 Power has a major bugWhen you plug an OTG cable in and use a pendrive or connect anything via OTG, after unplugging itit will nit charge. You need to restart the phone to make it work. However, this has been fixed with a software updateIt comes with Voice over LTE (VOLTE) out of the box.It does not have the Moto App so you wont get the Moto Actions or Moto Display.Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion-If you are a light user and want better battery life and don't care much about software updates go for the E3 PowerBut if you are a heavy user and you want better gaming and software updates, go for the G4 PlayAfter all, good smartphones have become cheaper and cheap smartphones have got really good.And we no longer judge a phone by how good they are. Instead we judge them by how bad they are or how many flaws do they have.P.S. I had recently received a call from Motorola where we had a long talk regarding the Nougat update for Moto E3 Power. I had asked them to release the update for it. They said they are still testing it and they might release it soon."
 [9] "Awesome Mobile very handy mobile with good features as well as with great service. I would recommend this mobile for all those who are looking for 9000 mobiles. But disadvantage is that Amazon didn't give any notification during delivery of mobile overall great mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "I have been using this device for the last 4 months .-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  PROS------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------> The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation,  saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.->  Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.-> Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.-> Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.-> Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.-> While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.->  Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).->  The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.-> For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.->  And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  CONS------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ >The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.->  Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.->  At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.->  Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.-> And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall Impression---------------------------If you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons.  it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.  There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Does it supports OTG.....?  N both sim Network s supports 4g.....?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "During the call, after some time the other person will not be able to listen, and the screen shows \"Hanging Up\". We are forced to disconnect the call and call again, this happens in almost every call and it's frustrating!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Please don't this mobile it's fully defective model even after reading so many reviews I choose this mobile but now I am facing problem with voice calls whenever I call person after 45 seconds other person is not able to listen my voice and after that I am unable to call any number until I restart the phone.When raised request for retrun/replacement they told me to download smart check app and it's diagnosed my phone and reported no issues and customer care is not ready to accept the return request because that bulls***smart appHeading towards service center at 3rd day horrible situation and Amazon replacement/return policy is just to fool customer with some foolish/stupid app called smart checkPlease don't buy this mobile it's worst mobile ever seen. Even the call volume is also very low and noisy... Even after phone factory reset also the issue is not resolved"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Poor performance, Heat issue, Ram is sufficient but you couldn't install app due to poor cpu performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "The first Android phone is from Motorola !Moto is the best for stock Android experience ..The clean interface gives the smoothness while usage."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Nice mobile thanks to Moto and mobile was superb Touch screen also, camera and all other features ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "I bought this phone as my brother's birthday gift.Here are some pros and cons of this phone.PROS:--1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.CONS:--1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor.Conclusion :-- Good but nothing to impress. But if you are looking for some other alternative The Moto G4 Play is not the most exciting smartphone around. Instead, it delivers reasonably decent performance for its price, along with standard battery life and good ergonomics. However, everything considered, the Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime and Lenovo Vibe K5 are better buys. The G4 Play is advisable for those who do not heavily task their phones, and hold brand value as priority."
 [8] "I can hardly call for more than a couple of minutes and then the call quality starts to deteriorate. After some seconds I cannot hear anything, although I am audible to the other party. Forget all smart features, calling is the most basic function and if moto cannot even manage to do a decent job there, what else? Horrible experience, shall avoid the brand at any cost in future."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "the product is good  best under 10000 but the battery life is average .all other things are good gaming  is awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "One major drawback is, it doesn't support 4G network for both the SIM card at the same time. If one SIM is in 4G network then other will automatically get changed to 2G with change of network of as disabled. And this is pathetic."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "It's a best product in the world. \U0001f923😃😄🙂☺️😚"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "#designPro: The Moto G4 is lightweight and packed with solid hardware.Con: Missing features like NFC are kind of a bummer.#DisplayPro: By making the display smaller in the G4 Play, it makes the device easier to grip.Con: Unfortunately, the display has a lower resolution — which makes it less sharp than the other G4 devices.#User InterfacePro: The lack of clutter in the operating system makes the G4 Play much more intuitive than other Android devices.Con: The lack of bells and whistles makes it less appealing to consumers that want higher end smartphones. For example, you won’t be able to record in 4K using the G4 Play nor does it have a fingerprint sensor.#ProcessorPro: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor is sufficient for handling productive tasks using the G4 Play.Con: It is unfortunate that the G4 Play has an outdated processor instead of a new one.#RAMPro: 2GB is a solid amount of RAM especially for a device that has a starting price of $99.Con: Even though the amount of RAM integrated in the device is substantial, the CPU is what drives the speed and that is slightly outdated.#CameraPro: Having 8 megapixels on the back and 5 megapixels on the front with a starting price of $99 is a solid offering.Con: The camera on the Moto G4 Play tends to struggle in low light conditions and the video recordings can be a bit shaky.#BatteryPro: The 2,800 mAh battery ensures that you could have as much as a day or a day and a half of phone usage available.Con: The charger that comes with the G4 Play embedded so you can detach the USB cable and connect it to your computer. I would recommend buying a separate Quick Charge 2.0 charger instead of using the one that comes in the box.#StoragePro: The ability to expand up to 128GB using a microSD card is convenient. This means you can save a ton of music, photos and video files on the device with the additional storage. Plus Google offers unlimited photo storage through Google Photos, which is seamlessly integrated into the Moto G4 Play.Con: The internal storage options seem to be on the lower end of the scale for smartphones for what you would expect in 2016. Storage tiers offered by other smartphones generally start at 32GB and then go as high as 256GB.Overall ImpressionIf you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons. With a starting price of $99.99 unlocked and support for all four major U.S. carriers, it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."
 [3] "worst experience. I gifted to my cousin at another town she could not find mobile signals on placing sim. so it took 20 days to reach me back. Amazon return time was over. So i took it to authorized service center. they told communication cable was missing and they placed it by charging Rs. 1630/-.The lenova/ Motorola manufacturing/assembling site doesn't have QC policy before releasing unit in to the market?  The missing spare cost was 18.11% of the total price. How come its possible. Do they don't have count on major spares consumed and no of units produced. Do't go for china mobiles even moto also now a china company"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Nyc fon ....👍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "No hangs working like soft cheese very fast"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "i don't why Motorola Phones are getting China Batteries, Chargers and EarPhones. Instead of it i suggest to support their own manufactured goods"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "nice  phone . हॅप्पी with my  phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Nice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "ONEST REVIEW OF THIS PHONE AFTER USING FOR 10 DAYS.THE BUILD QUALITY OF PHONE IS VERY GOOD.SCREEN IS VERY BRIGHT WITH HIGH PIXELS.CAMERA TAKES STUNNING PICTURES AS USUAL.INTERNAL MEMORY HAS AMPLE SPACE FOR MOVIES.OPERATING SYSTEM ALWAYS GET UPDATES.PHONE FEELS PREMIUM IN HANDS. GO FOR IT.I GOT FREE TEMPERED AND PHONE COVER."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "The phones get very warm.its only a month old phone.using any video calling etc."                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Whatever i saw in pic....i got the absolute same mobile...and it is awsome"                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "Its another good device from Moto"                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "is the phone have 2 sim card slots and one memory card slots to enter"                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "I am using this device for a week now and so far no issues found. No heating problem, battery charges in good amount of time. Rest of the things are also good. So would like to recommend this device to others as well."
 [6] "You may call it a fair phone too slow for operation stuck on multiple time other phone with 2GB RAM perform batter then this i sold the phone with in one month of purchase"                                              
 [7] "Not as expected..Packing also normal"                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "This phone is very good.front camera is olso very good.but the back camera is not good.& this phone is like moto g3.but the camera is not.I telling to you that bought this phone."                                       
 [9] "Good product,worth of that money,only disadvantage finger sensor not there"                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Cashback in Bank Account or Amazon Account"                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "budget phoneunder 10kore pwoli"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Worst then anything in the world"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "First of ,thanks to Amazon for delivering the product real quick.For first impression ,I would say that it looks far better than I thought.The side aluminium/metal frame looks very premium.Also the device feels very lightweight in hands.The battery here is removable ,unlike old Moto devices.I am totally satisfied with the build quality and overall finishing.A very well made product.INBOX CONTENTS:1-Handset2-Battery3-Ton of manual and user guide4-Normal old school earphones5-Fast charger and USB cable----------------------------------------------NOW COMING TO MY REVIEW-----------------------------------------------#=THE BUILD QUALITY as I said is really good, well its Motorola!.The power button and the volume control button uses metallic material with good grip.Unlike the cheep plastic ones.Power button is above the volume button ,which may not be that handy for some users.But don't worry ,you will get used to it.Anyway the buttons provide excellent feedback.The navigation buttons are on-screen type and lacks hardware keys.Display is quite bright and clear.Because its 5 inch a HD screen is enough.You would hardly notice any pixelation ,unless you look really close.#=UI AND PERFORMANCE - As usual with every moto device ,The moto G play also comes with stock android.Which is basically the selling point of moto devices. Because you get fast OS updates.Even though ,the device is shipped with Marshmallow.It will get the Nougat update real soon.It is equipped with snapdragon 410 which is quite outdated now and fits in low end category.Despite that the UI experience is very smooth in moto g play.Well I remember my old grand prime had the same chipset.At that time it use to run most of the games with ease.I installed quite a few basic games in Gplay and found it is still capable of running some decent graphics rich games.The animations were at 1X when  got it,I turned it down to 0.5X using developer options and now it seems much faster and fluid.#CAMERA is Okey ,I never expected it to perform exceptional with camera because it comes with a low end sensor.But anyways it is capable of taking some decent shots which are very similar to on5 pro and better than K5 plus.The front snapper is also decent and snaps some bright selfies.Overall I think the camera is decent for the asking price.Note:Low light performance is below average.#BATTERY LIFE It comes with 2800mah battery which is quite enough because there is nothing that will consume too much battery.So i hope it will last for a full working day.After using it for one day ,I think I got more than 6 hours of On screen time because today is the first day So,I was checking out all the features.Anyway I will comment more about the battery life after 2-3 days.#NETWORK I mainly bought it to use JIO 4G ,because this phone supports true 4G.Yes you can make VoLTE calls and use 4G data.The speed it offers is really good.Totally satisfied with my purchase.Conclusion----------------This is for those people who need good battery life ,decent performance for basic day to day tasks ,good call quality and ofcourse a phone with good build quality and after sales support.The camera is enough for basic picture snapping.Overall I am really satisfied with my purchase.This phone really exceeded my expectations.Thanks I hope you like my review.If you have any further queries then feel free to comment down below.Abraham Joseph"
 [4] "I have purchased Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black, VoLTE) on 15th Sept. From the first day I am having trouble with this mobile. I am facing following issues -1. Battery is getting drain very fast.2. I am having software issues in this ex - while playing music it gets stop suddenly, browser is getting opened automatically etc.When I contacted first time (19th Sept) to Amazon customer service they heard my issue and kept the call on hold for around 20-25 minutes. I did not hear from them. Same day again I called customer service and told the issue and the problem I had with my call to customer service. He said appropriate action will be taken for issue you had with the customer service and also he said that for moto phone you need to call between 10AM-8PM.At the same time I made return/refund request for this item and it was mentioned after the request you will expect a call within 24 hrs.I waited for 2 days. I did not get call. So again today I called customer service between 10Am-8PM to ensure that I will connect to moto customer service.I told the issue I am having with the mobile. They told me right now they are busy and will call me within 24 hrs.This is really frustrating I am having problem with my mobile from day one. Amazon doesn't care to resolve it. As far as I know Amazon is best but what I got this kind of service.Till now I did not hear from Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "I bought this on Amazon for 8999/- This is a mid range phone 4G from Motorola (now Lenovo Owned) with a decent range of specifications (Snapdragon 410 and Quad Core - 1.2 Ghz) and good build quality for a budget phone. I bought this in white and it looks quite good though obviously tends to show dirt and stains faster. The back panel has a nice grippy textured feel to it which feels great to hold.I've been using this for about a week now and its been a mixed bag of reactions towards the Moto G Play. While build quality and hardware remains good for the price, the specifications and camera do leave you wanting a bit more at times. Compares equally with other phones in the same range.Pros:1) The Build quality is very good. Motorola have not compromised on hardware even at this price and the buttons feel robust and firm. The steel band around the outer chassis feels well put together. The power button which is oddly placed above the volume rocker has a nice lined grip to it.2) Audio quality is good, not great. The ringer is adequate though in a noisy environment you could miss hearing it. The speaker and mic are good enough, clarity is excellent and the mic does not pick up in-necessary noise from the surroundings. It also has a tiny noise cancelling mic (or ambient noise sensor) at the rear near the camera which helps I guess.3) Camera is average. With a 8MP rear facing and 5 MP front selfie camera which is the norm for most budget phones, the pictures are crisp clear and more than enough for daytime or brightly lit subjects. Sadly night shots which require the flash are grainy, have a lot of noise and are just about average with a lot of details not showing through.4) Software & Specs. The phone comes with Android Marshmallow out of the box. v6.0.1. Being a Motorola it is not loaded with bloatware of any kind (which is just awesome) and runs the stock OS. So, the memory remains nice & clean, nothing to delete and the phone runs great.5) The phone comes with the standard range of accessories in the Box, a quick charger 10W (0-60% in 25 mins) which doubles as the data cable, a set of instruction manuals with warranty conditions. No headphones supplied.6) Screen. With a 5\" IPS LCD the display is bright and clear though not very crisp like some of the new HD displays. It is fairly readable in bright sunlight and has a good touch response.7) Battery Life. With a removable 2800 mAh battery, the phone easily lasts a day or more with moderate to heavy usage at times. Charges quickly enough with the supplied charger and battery drain is fairly slow even during intensive gaming and other apps usage.The best part is that the phone has a water repellant Nano Coating to it so even a little bit of water or splashes wont damage it. As well as Corning Gorilla Glass 3. *As claimed by Motorola.Cons: Nothing much to be negative about, the phone performs flawlessly as expected. So far no hanging, normal levels of heating with some random gaming, internet, You Tube and WhatsApp on all the time.A good buy at this price, nothing special compared to other phones in the same price bracket. Buy if for solid and long lasting build quality and a clutter free Android OS. Not to mention now that Lenovo has bought over Motorola, there are plenty of service centers all over."                                                                                                      
 [6] "I dont want to give any stars after all. Never buy Moto G4 Plus and nothing from Amazon also.My phone gets off on its own from day one. At first filled replacement request to Amazon but did not accept. Than called and got simple answer that take phone to Service centre. I visited two service centres at Ahmedabad and they suggest that go to about 20 kms to Bapunagar and they will do something.I am really frustrated with both Moto and Amazon.Amazon guys, If you are reading this review than implement my suggestion. Clearly write that this item will not be replaced. Even if it has noxiuous problems."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "vary bad bad phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "A good phone with this 9k range. looks is very good, working fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "My mother required a smart phone under 10k budget, as she's not so found of using Facebook, Twitter, YT etc, but only Whats'app. My requirement was 3GB RAM, 32GB Internal Space. Was confused to choose B/W Micromax Canvas and this device. Later, my friend suggested to go ahead and pick MOTO G Play 4th Gen. The phone seems faster, the front camera is good, but little disappointed by the rear camera as it is a 5MP. When I clicked a selfie of mine, it was slightly blur. Overall a good phone. Recommened this device for those who are looking for a phone under 10K budget. Thanks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Reasons to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Pros):1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.Reasons Not to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Cons):1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor.My Verdict: Good but nothing to impress. But in case if you are looking for a better alternative smartphone that removes some of the cons of this one then follow the link below."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "I am not happy, moto product is not good,Battery 2800 mhs so not back up 4 Horus only .Camera so bad picture is yellowMobile Look is goodMobile is charge in Hitting mobile phone.so product is not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Moto G4 play dissipated more heat& difficult to use it even on stand by mode."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "This is my best phone I had.for price and performance there is no comparison."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Extremely poor product.The service of Amazon has drastically gone down."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Please do not buy. This phone is heating too much. Some times got hang prob."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "The speaker of the phone does not work properly.. Most of the times, when we get a call, it will be silent even when we have kept it in the Ringtone Mode.Very sad.. Defected phone...How can i replace this..??"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "delivery was soo quick than i anticipated...packing is nt satisfactory....my phone didnt turned on for several mins,,,even though i charged the battery for 30 mins...moto symbol was flashing again and agian when i pressed power button...i thought of returning the product...bt luckily i tried it for last time it turned on...and everythng was working fine...i switched on and off for several times to check there is problem again...bt it seems perfect..charge fluxtuations in percentage was there on my first two full charges...now using heavily for 4 days..no problems so far...switchs on perfectly battery percentage was accurate...surely go for the mobile ...worth every penny."
 [8] "Good phone...but less features...if you compare with mi and Lenovo phones.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Plz dont buy. It can be used as heater during winter season while charging."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "I bought moto g play. Its back camera is good but front camera  superb battery backup very good .loud music but its mic on a front of phone its dust problem, body design average, any way very good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Nice mobile and grate delivery experience in amazon.....I love it. I booked mobile 27th Sep night 10PM and i got delivery next day morning 11AM.. On time delivery and i got delivery call morning also."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Performance of the moto g4 play is as per expected. No heavy usage is tested out yet but for moderate use it's kinda seamless & effortless.Back camera is not top rated 8mp camera, but considerable. Front camera is great for selfies.Battery is impressive, charges way fast like other moto phones.Finely, product is worthy, can go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Got what I wanted"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Totally worth it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Do not buy this phone. It sports snapdrahon 410 chipset which is currently obsolete and outdated. This phone lags a lot and can not handle processing intensive tasks efficiently. I regret buying this one. I had even called and written to Amazon inpteen number of time to return it as I was not happy with my purchase but it all fell on deaf ears and they did nothing. I regret buying this phone. You can instead buy Xiaomi redmi 3s or 3s prime, it would be a much better purchase as compared to this one for sure."
 [6] "It's getting over heat when playing small games also n when uaing internet"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "It's is very good phone it prossessor is very fast I luv this phone buy it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "It's good but options are very less. Not a bad choice , you can go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Guys, the phone is really good if you know how to use it... And the stock Android experience you gotta feel it, it's not like other Chinese devices in the market... Thats why I have chosen Motorola even if it is sold to Lenovo... Moto has maintained it's tempo I would say, it's your best daily driver in this range, and it's stock Android.... Wow... Only few ppl would know what it means just ignore negative reviews... They aren't worth it...;-) But the phone is worth!! Recommended..."                          
[10] "Memory card not supported in this phone but sometimes support karleta hai"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Nic phone but they told that they will give power bank free but not given"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Delivery was on time ... Product is above expectation under the range ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "During charging it gets heated ,it gets heated after uses of 1 hour or more,earphone jack doesn't fit properly sometimes sound not coming overall this is a poor product of moto. Don't Buy Save Money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "This is waste of money product, heating issues and poor quality product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Smooth interface as other moto phones and the built quality is great. Battery is also good neither bad nor great.feels premium. Everything's great at this price range. If you want a good phone at this budget go for it.Other companies only have heavy specification but they have nothing to do with the performance.Brand is Brand!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Screen got broken after a single drop from  height of just 3 ft and for your information any physical damage is not covered under warranty. Service Center will charge Rs. 6500/- just for screen replacement. I will not recommend Motorola to anyone now."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Very good experience.nice phone.satisfied my all need.great experience"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Amazing delivery by Amazon within 2 days, mobile is nice, camera good,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Motorola has good brand image and lenovo is messing it by releasing unworthy variants and confuse customersHaving used  both top and bottom variant of Moto g4, Gplay is a unnecessary variant which seems good on paper but falls well below than top variant in all aspects from camera, processing speed , display and battery"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Its really an awesome phone you would get more you are expecting in such a low price item. But i have been shipped a damaged piece but its too minute damage its hardly seen so my pros and cons are :- Gaming:-8.5/10Camera:-9.5/10Screen:-8/10Battery:-9/10Speaker volume:-9/10Design:-9.5/10Gaming is really good on this phone but after 15 minutes of gaming its start getting hot. Camera is really good and you can trust this phones battery for 6 active hours.But its having aluminium rim so the company should provide a bumper case as it gets scratched and also bends and screen also is prone to scratches."
 [1] "Upgraded from moto E 1st gen to moto g4 play. The phone is super responsive to all the functions and feels great in the hand. It is comparatively light and easier to use. I had a dilemma to go for moto E 3rd gen with almost similar spec. But due to the mediatek processor I opted out and went for this Qualcomm processor based moto g4 play. I am happy that I made the right choice.No need for hardware details as it is already available online.Recently bought Samsung on7 for my wife for Rs. 9999. But this one for 8999, feels much faster and smoother that the Samsung on 7. The experience is great and awesome. Anyone who is looking for an upgrade can right away go ahead with this one.Thanks"
 [2] "Don't buy this mobile .........it's not working properly .......stopped working after 4months.......what to do now,i don't know 😢"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "I purchased it as a Diwali Gift for my Mom... :) It's a awesome phone in resealable price. Phone is worth it for its price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "I was very worried by seeing the reviews but still i bought it and i don't regret it. No problem except heating sometimes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Brilliant in this price range durable also"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "It is good to use but what about free power bank which was shown with it. I didn't get it so kindly make sure about that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Good phone at such an affordable budget with needed facility ..... but no updates available for the latest version......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Good phone camera is good rear as well front gorilla glass keeps display protected .good processor ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "No issues with the phone. Buttery smooth. But haven't got ₹1000 cash back yet. Not sure why would Amazon do this..??"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "It's better to buy moto e3 power"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Where is video calling option in dialer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Nice look light weight with support jio"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Appreciate Amazon and seller, delivered tje product with in 14hrs on free prime delivery. Very Good product, Smooth touch, decent performance and standby. Full Charge in 50 mins using fast charger. Day light camera is good, low light is average. Overall 4 for product and 5 for Amazon and seller's delivery."
 [4] "Very good phone at best price with best features a budget phone can offerVery happyRecommend😃"                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Online part-time job at home 100% free immediately whatsapp me 9735333984 for more details & legal proofs."                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "product is OK...but this doesn't support video calling...disspointed...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Working perfectly after 15 months of purchase. Moto g3 & moto turbo was last best mobile by Motorola."                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "There's rs1000 cash back on giftcard. If I use state Bank debit card what will be the offer then? 15percent off or 1000 cashback?"                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "I liked the following features of MotoG-4-play1) Good fast, snappy performance (for regular use, did not try gaming etc)2) Removable battery3) Dual micro sim (4G support)4) Decent battery life5) Decent camera6) Good 5\" display (720p, not full HD)7) Good finish and light, not too big in size"               
[10] "Moto g4 play was very good mobile and amazon also delivered early , camara is avg, and sound quality is quite good and display is excellent as compared to mi 3s prime . And over all phone features are good as per price"                                                                                         
 [1] "Instead of buying the E3 go this phone and You will never regret it.Display is good.Battery life is decent enough to last more than one day.The main reason i bought this phone was for stock android experience which moto offers.(planned upgrade to nougout)Hope u enjoyPeace."
 [2] "I did not get power bank coupon...please send that coupon ID or coupon..otherwise I will return thus product"                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "i loved this item. but as the offer i am authorised to recieve a zoook power bank by the coupon code.HKBT-B7ECY4-PG57JW .but whenever i am trying for it, its not accepted. please help me as soon as possible.  thamks and regards  Advocate Niraj singh9111444848"              
 [4] "Delivered without Free Power Bank."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Mic goes bad in week no replacement available.... Lenovo ate Motorola and farted out moto G4 play"                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "The deal mentions phone with a free power bank but the package doesn't contain any power bank with it."                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "I am useing to 1week. I purchase on amazon. It working good but it heat when I charging and play game."                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Phone was good.Great sound quality & features that u see in usual android phones.Brand with trust !!! 😀😀😀"                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "one of the best phone available at this price. fast charging is really a good feature. phone heats up a little sometimes while playing game but it is not a big problem. nice camera and everything.i like amazon service. shipping was quick and packaging was really nice!"     
[10] "It good using from last month but haven't received the power bank which was there in the offer."                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Received mobile without Power Bank  which is free with this product. Please send it immediately. Thanks."                                                                                     
 [2] "I always wanted a moto phone and finally I got one. I just love it. But found it hard to find the suitable screen guard for this one."                                                        
 [3] "it is very excellent mobile having in hand. it seems wightless in hand. feachers are awesome. especially the rear camera is good one."                                                        
 [4] "Its working very good but where is coupon code for buying zoook powerbank from green mobiles."                                                                                                
 [5] "I did not get my zook power bank"                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "Fine the mobile  volte band nice"                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Good Phone for budget around 9kAll you need in a 4G phone is well balancedVery Light WeightGood In Hand feelingNot Too BIGShrink Screen function to use in One HandFind CAMERA SAMPLE & [...]"
 [8] "Nice smart phone at this cost....Good battery,camera,no hanging"                                                                                                                              
 [9] "The  product was above my expectations... i liked the phone... overall 100% satisfied.."                                                                                                      
[10] "Excellent product and phone cheaper than this is Moto E3 power more features than this"                                                                                                       
 [1] "Moto's worst phone ever. Phone automatically gets switches off number of times a day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Very professional. Lot of internal space allocated. Heating is due to turbo charging.Work with Jio 4g and free call using Volte"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Phone works fine and is good in it's league only second to Xiaomi 3s prime. The phone gets slow when you are opening some apps. Sound quality is good. Camera is good. I like the phone.A must improve, Delivery of this by India Post. I got this 1 week after the promised date and to my irritation, the India Post office asked me to come to their office and collect it. Why do you even promise delivery when you can't fulfill it. I'm really disappointed with Amazon for this and I'm sure many other customers will go to other e-commerce sites if you don't improve your delivery system."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "I have problem in this mobile. it's getting heat, hanging, some display problem is also there after buying this mobile 16th day I found all this problem but I couldn't get any positive feedback from Amazon. Plz call me & do the needful"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Oredered this phone on 13 recieved it yesterday (17th).... i wont give specification details as they are available on amazon ..... the above reviews say that the camera is nt good ....i wont Say that ....the camera is preety good ....frnt cam is above average ...rear cam is averaverage ....the speaker output is grt .....n a grt battery backup .. the touch is grt .... n built quality is osm ....one of the bst phone at 8999 ....buy it ...i hope my review helped u"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Short Version:-Motorola,the best and known company for smartphones.Motorola's Moto G Play is one of the best budget phone and now a days i see lot of peoples owning it.My friends also own this device.So i looked at the features and some review on this phone!!Pros:-1.The display:- The display is of 5 inch (12,7 cm) HD display,which is comfortable to hold in your one hand.You can access the phone using your one hand only(not like other big display phone in which you need to use your both hands to use the phone)..This phone has a water repellent coating which will be safer when you carry this phone during rain.The display installed in this is tough and it is made of gorilla glass 3!!! Overall the display is perfect!!2. The camera:- Moto G Play has got a 8 MP primary camera with dual LED flash which is good to click a decent pictures.The primary camera can click a good pixel images in a day time and with the help of dual LED flash you can also click good pictures in dark too.The front facing camera is of 5MP which is also cool for selfie lover!!!3. Battery life:- Moto G Play has 2800 mAH Battery installed.You can say the battery life is good enough to use for 6-7 hours.Play games and watch movies with a good battery life. The phone has 10W Rapid charger in box for quick charging.At this price of the phone,the battery life is awesome!!4. The UI:- Moto G Play is Loaded with android v6.0.1 which is the latest stock android version.Motorola phones get OS updates fast, so the new update android Nougat will be soon on this phone!5. Specification & Performance:- Moto G play is equipped with 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon which is good enough to run the phone smoothly!!It has 2 GB ram which is quite good to get a decent performance of the phone.The internal storage is of 16 GB which is amazing and it can be expanded upto 128 GB!!! The phone supports 4G with VoLTE and it is a dual sim phone!Should you buy it?Yes. This is your best bet,as Moto G Play is a budget phone and it is loaded with great and awesome features!! And also Motorola is a brand so you can believe in the production quality and customer service facilities.Conclusion----------------At this price and looking at the features of the phone like good quality build,dual sim,good internal storage,decent ram,good quality display,amazing performance and with decent cameras,it is a good option to buy for those who are looking for a decent performance smartphone under 10k!!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thanks I hope you like my review!"
 [8] "Very happy with the phone. Very easy to set up and operate."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Great value for money,phone is light and ultra fast.Also one day delivery option worth for this little tech gem.I was an ios user and still enjoy android on this motog4.sensible suggesstion for those looking for decent looks with performance"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "My verdict after 5 months of use is that u should buy this phone . Don't buy Xiaomi Redmi 3s prime as I have seen that phone not keep up for long run while this device is always at max of its performance , it though is not meant for hardcore gamers but this phone still can hold above decent gaming performance and I have tested it for Asphalt 8 , shadow fight and Nova 3 . The phone has a perfect multitasking and thanks to the upcoming nougat update this device is going to blow the roof off . The battery once 100℅ lasts bit more than 1½ days at a decent gaming , YouTube, chatting ,etc . Overall device has never lagged till now . Worth it . Go for it 👍."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Before purchase ....if you think about offers then clearly I told you that Amazon not giving you any offers on this product.I have purchase this phone but yet I have not received any offer.Phone is average processor is too old. Camera is satisfactory, sound is too good. This is a average phone on this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Very poor touch screen it just broke with tapping on hand. It really ..... Fake quality screen. I would rather go for china mobile cheap and all works fine"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "AS i have purchased this mobile in a September month and writing a review after using this mobile properly.Its battery life is very good it works for me at least 1 and half day almost after a heavy usage of internet and call .Camera quality is also awesome.Sound quality is also awesome.As its 5 inch phone size is very user friendly as specially you are fond of lots of selfies. HD display's result is very good.Over all budget friendly phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Smooth and all over performance are very.. very.. grat.. ...mast phone he.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Good product at this price. Ear piece can be much better , sound is good but hard to adjust for a long time. Battery backup is a day long while surfing internet nearly whole day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "--------------------------------------------------------Moto G Play (4th Gen) Specifications:--------------------------------------------------------a) Display: 5.0” 720p HD (1280×720), 294 ppib) Dimensions: Height: 144.4 mm / Width: 72 mm / Depth: 8.95 mm to 9.9 mmc) Weight: 137gd) Operating System: ndroid(TM) 6.0.1, Marshmallowe) System Architecture/Processor: Up to 1.2 GHz, Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 410 quad-core processor with 450 MHz Adreno 306 GPUf) RAM: 2GB3g) ROM: 16 GB internal1, up to 128 GB microSD Card supporth) Battery: 2800 mAh, 10W quick charger gives 5 hours of power in only 15 mins of chargei) Rear Camera: 8 MP, f/2.2 aperture, LED flash, Tap (anywhere) to capture, 4X digital zoom, Burst mode, Auto HDR, Panorama, Drag to focus & exposure, 1080p HD video (30 fps)j) Front Camera: 5 MP, f/2.2 aperture, Display flash, Beautification mode, Best shot, ideo Capture 1080p, 30fps)k) SIM Card: Micro-SIM, nano-SIM with an adaptorl) Connectivity: Micro USB, 3.5mm headset jack, Bluetooth version 4.1 LE, Wi-Fi: 802.11 b/g/n (2.4 GHz)m) Networks: 4G LTE (VoLTE), UMTS / HSPA+, GSM / EDGEn) Water Protection: Water repellent nano-coatingo) Sensors: Accelerometer, Proximity, Ambient Lightp) Base Color: Black or whiteq) Moto G Play Price in India: INR 8999• Key Specifications:Mot G Play  4th Gen has 5″ HD display. It  is powered by Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 410 processor with quad-core CPU and has 4G VoLTE capabilities. G Play (4th Gen) is equipped with upto 2GB RAM and 16 GB internal storage expandable to 128 GB microSD Card support. It has 2800mAh battery and comes with a 10W Rapid Charger that can charge the Moto G Play for upto  5 hours in just 15 minutes.Moto G Play 4th Gen will be available in Black and White colour options.• Camera:The rear camera is 8 MP camera and the front camera is 5MP. The rear camera has ƒ/2.2 aperture and a a camera sensor that uses larger-than-average pixels. It  shoots photos and videos at 30fps in 1080p.  The 5MP front facing camera has beautification mode and Best Shot mode to help the user take better selfies.• Durability:For durability, the Moto G Play has a water-repellent nano-coating that can protect it from minor spills and splashes of water.• Battery:With a 2800 mAh battery, you can go from morning to night without worrying about battery life.Moto G Play, 4th Gen comes with the 10W rapid charger, which gives you 5 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging.• 4G Volte Speed:The new Moto G Play, 4th Gen runs at 4G speed and supports VOLTE, so you can get to the good stuff faster. Stream videos and music smoothly without any annoying stops and starts. And browse the web without waiting for pages to load.-------------------------------------------------------------------Reasons to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Pros):-------------------------------------------------------------------1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.--------------------------------------------------------------------------Reasons Not to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Cons):--------------------------------------------------------------------------1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor."
 [7] "It's very good product you can buy it. And camera is better than Moto E3 power and there is face beauty option also which is not available in Moto G4 Plus and the camera apps is like Moto G4 plus camera app.  I think camera is better than Moto E3 power and many products under 9000. And it came with Android 6.0 Marshmallow I think it will update in Nougat but recently now got Android 7.0 launched in Moto G4 Plus and moto G4 and Moto Z and moto m so I think you will get the update soon you can buy this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "This mobile heats up everytime I play even light games like Load Runner and chess. I requested for a replacement before the due time.. No one from amazon contacted me."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Good mobile . I am using it for a week. Till now not encountered any problem. Battery is good . Stays for a day if you use the net . Totally satisfied by the services from Amazon. Biswarup Bhattacharya"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "What does \"warranty one year manufacturer warranty\" means??"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Sound effects and game playing was good... felt good purchase..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Moto paly is good product but one difect is rapid charger charging time phone heating some times ,memory slot some times dot display on screen, then swith (off ,on) time displaying, otherwise all ok"                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Not going into the technical jargon, simply this phone has everything. From a reasonably good front and rear camera, 16GB ROM, 2GB RAM, and great user friendliness of Android Marshmallow.Overall a perfect buy under 9000 rupees."                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Product Is good... Nice performance. Working smoothly.. and fully happy with amazing Amazon pay Balence Cashback..But I want order invoice, I expecting help from Amazon to get order invoice.."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Excellent product , nice replacement for moto g3 standard edition"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Nice handset. Meet expectations. After one month of use, I have faced no problem at all. Battery is quiet good. Speaker and camera is also nice. No issues of storage. Overall experience is good 👍"                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "As always moto offers a good budget phone with good feature"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Amazon delivered 1000 cash back as soon as product delivered to me. Bought through SC card so I will get another 1000 cashback. Finally I paid only 6999 INR for this phone which is simply superb at that price. Very thin phone. Phone volte network is awesome. Also rapid charging is super. Picture quality is OK 294ppi. Sound clarity is good. Overall good phone."
 [9] "Good phone with no lag, fast as speed. I love this budget phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Great Phone!!!Using it for past 4 months, great to use , light weight , high expandable memory , lots of apps can be stored , purchased it for 9000 with 1000 cashback offer , great brand ."                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "huge problem in data connectivity through sim card.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Not as good as expected, Camera Clarity is not good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Nice Phone in Middle range i hope will be best if Motorola Update OS to Nougat as they metioned on their official website...well pack ...only concern is take time to deliver the product ..reast of the 5 star ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "My phone is doing problem. At every time of making calls I have to put my phone on aeroplane mode then I can be able to make a single call. I have to the same for every call. And worst response by Amazon team. I am continually  calling from last 1 week but they always are not able to connect my call to moto team and I also tried to replacement but every time problem occurring in website. Now I am felling like to waste my money."                                                                         
 [5] "Product Received on next day itself. At 1st day charging its emit more heat. Then there is not heat while charging. On WiFi charge will get down on two days. But on Jio data charge get down on 31 hours its self. Good mobile to buy. Nice delivery speed. Performs is good. Because i never play game."                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Disappointed with the fact that Motorola launched Moto E3 with exact same look & feature except processor fooling it's buyers. Else, all perfect in this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Moto g4 play have 2 GB of RAM but when I open apps after some apps the previously opened apps gets out of the ram... I checked but the ram was never more than 55 percent full... What's the point of having 2 GB of RAM when the phone is not using it... And by the way when it comes to Android moto use to release new Android OS faster then any other company other than nexus... But right now moto is releasing the Android N slowly... Right now everyone has Android N but not moto devices... Wasted Brand..."
 [8] "Very bad I want to return to amazon n refund for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Nice product ,though the lack of space stings a bit"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Heating problem is major issues. I m using this last 3 months. When I played heavy game phone is heating very badly. Other wise it's a good phone. No heating problem on play movies and net surfing or on long call. Battery back up is fabulous."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "This is phone is a value for money!!No complaints about the performance. It meets my expectation. It's not fair to expect too many additional options at this price band. The quality of product speaks for itself.However two things I find disappointing in this phone are​ Pretty​ ordinary sound quality of the inbuilt speaker and battery that tends to overheat while charging."                                                              
 [2] "3.5/5Giving 4 because 3.5 not available.Cons:Charger heats up because quick chargingCamera quality not goodVideo calls for >10-15 minutes heats phone up.The buttons are on the screen itself, so it takes up ~0.4 inches of screen.Moto E3 Power can be bought with almost similar specs and Rs. 1000 lesser. (Battery is 3500mAh, that's awesome there)Pros:Flawless multitasking.Quick Charging awesome.Nice offer from Amazon."                
 [3] "Some how it is heating problem occur after 15 days"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "with in a month it stopped supporting headphones.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Nice phone and amazing experience,thank you amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Product working was not good... System had hanging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "After several attempts final Amazon replaced my mobile hope this one does't have any issues."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Poor Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Product is great. Just now received. Will write again after further testing.Update: I have used the phone for 24 hours extensively. I am loving it. The response is so great. No lag at all for normal use. Haven't tested high end games yet. No heating issues. Body looked light weight and might get damaged easily. So better to protect it with a sturdy case."                                                                              
[10] "Not even close to a Motorola phone. Lenovo has screwed up the quality and the software.1. There's no gallery app on the mobile. You can't find your photos anywhere.2. Quality of hardware of mobile and in box accessories is pathetic.3. Lag in normal usage of apps also.4. Heating n crashes issueWould like return n get rid of this item.P.S. I'm a huge fan of Motorola mobile quality and design. But this one is a mighty disappointment."
 [1] "Network connection problem.1)Data not connecting When full signals available, After deactivate and activate the data used sim then internet works2)3G signals/H display even 4G signals available. After deactivate and activate the data used sim, then works 4G and displays 4G before signals bar in notifications bar.3)While we are in a voice call, data/internet not working4)After download videos in Whatsapp, they are not playing or opened but plays after closed and open the Whatsapp."                                                                               
 [2] "As said during order not recieved free power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Suprbbb... Mobile  do not believe on Rumours🤗☺👌"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Nice PhoneIn the small budget only 9k"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Worst Screen ever, always go for gorilla glass, I purchased it and found the scratches which comes so easily, after purchasing this which I was thinking to gift to my Dad, but I give it to him with some excuses that these small scraches are on tempered glass which I set on screen externally. But all these things are good. But always go for gorilla glass. I was wanted good camera only But now I finally got this experience that screen is also important."                                                                                                            
 [6] "Not worth that money.Instead go for mi 3s prime."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "item was good but heating is llittle bit problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "I didn't get the power bank, otherwise its good,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Excellent phone. Very comfortable to use, battery is amazing. Touch is very smooth, display is crisp and clear. Only one shortfall is the rear/primary camera...a better camera could surely have been provided (8 mp is really below par). Otherwise the pictures are of commendable quality. However, the best part of the phone is the sound which is excellent, especially with headphones; this is followed by the turbocharger which is a big help in tight timelines.Finally, thank you amazon for a really quick and efficient delivery and well ahead of time. Keep it up!"
[10] "Hi  I got this product and first day I face touch screen issue. Touch screen is not working properly. I have to press any(ex:home) icon hardly, then only the icon is responding. I faced this issue. I am not sure others. I won't recommend to any one to buy this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Very good mobile from motorola. Best from this price range. No heating problem. Some problem in old SD card acceptance due to old version. Overall best mobile from Moto."                                                                        
 [2] "Dear friend many of here bought this phone and  getting signal issue . do a consumer case against motorola and amazon.money wasted buying this phone.we must do it"                                                                               
 [3] "Phone is good as per the description but I am facing network issue which i never faced before in lumia 535. Although I am really not sure if it is a phone iasue or not."                                                                         
 [4] "Good phone under 9k. Don't hesitate just go for it... battery backup also good...in a word its cool for me...happy...worth buying... Planning to buy same once again...."                                                                         
 [5] "Very very bad review..to b Frank...my camera is not working from the 2nd month of purchase...no service centres in Kerala...wat to do...also battery back up very poor"                                                                           
 [6] "I am using Motorola since very long & find it worth purchasing for good service & reliability. This mobile is handy & lovely too! I personally like Motorola make mobiles .. thanks for allowing me to pen down my feelings about the product.. I"
 [7] "Best in class phone with amazing service from Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Phone is nice, delivery also good and in time as usual. Why I'm giving 4 stars, I have only one concern that phone is heating while charging. And it is lenova phone."                                                                            
 [9] "Got it @ 6800Awesome in this price rangeFeels like Nexus phoneGo for it without take a lookMoto phones are just simply great and long lasting"                                                                                                    
[10] "Superb phone with a great battery back up. Just enjoyed the experience of the device. 4g enabled and gives u ample juice to sustain a full day and charges damn fast"                                                                             
 [1] "Received within 4 days after ordering. I am using this phone for more than 1 month. As of now it is working good, no heating while chaging and battery life is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Though it's a budget oriented phone but it's smooth, lag free and best one for day to day use. Happy customer !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "The battery performance has improved but it lacks some moto gestures. Also it does not have compass sensor but overall the performance and durability is excellent."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Nice device for all points of view compare to other."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Delivery within 36hrs. Phone is very I'm this range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Best phone in this range with a brand name.Good Camera.Good speaker.Stock Android ,no extra unused apps pre-installed .Good display."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "thnx for amazon and for the deliver boythis is the good product from amazonsond,cam,front&back,toch,are also very nicebattery capicity also good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Crisp review ( Make decision quick and fast)Using since 17/09/16-----------------------------------------------------------1. Performance: Heavy usage and light gaming, this phone is yours. No lag and hang issues till now.2. Screen size and display: Small screen users can find it large for one handed use otherwise sharp HD display. Excellent performance in sunlight. Adaptive brightness works well.3. Call and mic quality: Works smoothly. No issues. Speakers are loud and works well.4. Camera: Camera works well outdoors in daylight-Both front (5mp) and back (8mp). Night photos with led flash seems to work fine. Not exceptional camera as per specifications.5. Battery: Normal usgae with wifi and mobile net can stretch for a day and half without charging. Supports fast charging. Full charge in approx 80-90min.6. Weight and size : Light weight and easy to hold and carry.7. Buy or not : Good build quality and performance lovers should own this. But heavy gamers and photography enthusiasts should avoid this.Does it help?. Appreciate with your like."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Hey guys im here to review moto g play 4th genFeatures;BODY144.4 x 72 x 9.9 mm (5.69 x 2.83 x 0.39 in)Weight 137 g (4.83 oz)SIM Micro-SIMDISPLAYIPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSize 5.0 inches (~66.3% screen-to-body ratio)Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density)MultitouchPLATFORMOS Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow), planned upgrade to v7.0 (Nougat)Chipset Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410CPU Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53GPU Adreno 306MEMORYCard slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot)Internal 8/16 GB, 1/2 GB RAMCAMERAPrimary 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flashFeatures Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDRVideo 1080p@30fpsSecondary 5 MP, f/2.2SOUNDAlert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtonesLoudspeaker Yes3.5mm jack Yes  - Active noise cancellation with dedicated micCOMMSWLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspotBluetooth v4.1, A2DP, LEGPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDSNFC Yes (optional)Radio FM radioUSB microUSB v2.0FEATURESSensors Accelerometer, proximityMessaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IMBrowser HTML5Java No  - MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac player- MP4/H.264 player- Photo/video editor- Document viewerBATTERY  Removable Li-Po 2800 mAh batteryoverall good phone by moto for the price now they are offering and the brand is well known!!!!!!Box content;Mobile handsetCharger cable & adapterEarphonesBatteryWarranty card & manualUser rating ;83/100 from 30 users review on the phoneSo its a best buy for 9k and branded phoneAlternative ;Lenovo k4 note ( price;10k )If this helped you click on helpfulAnd i hope this helped you guysThank you!!!"
[10] "Poor quality of camera glass. It scratched. Display quality poor. when I play heavy game display blinks... As well as poor customer service. Don't buy friends..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Its a very good handset and also my first smart phone. I am getting used to it. The handset is very sensitive and does all performances at the slightest touch."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "After one month of exp.Pros:Good battery lifeCamera is descentNo lag issues.Cons:Can't make a conference call."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Overall a good phone but giving two star less because the phone's main function of calling is disrupted as sim detection goes off in two days .. needs restart"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "I want to buy this mobile ,but this mobile is not delivered to my pincode ,so issue my problem quickly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Superb Phone though I have used it for few days,touch is excellent,battery charging takes an hour or so because double current rating and its really smooth."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "First this is my 3rd smart phone first I uses Samsung S2 (Rs.28000/-) Second Sony T3 (Rs. 27000/-) and become a sony fan because Sony's true vivid natural colours, Video recording is awesome compare to camera & I purchased a Rs. 4200/- earphone that rocks.Quick change in technology hurts me twice and I simply decided to go for not more than Rs.10000/- phone but I always choose brand hate Chinese mobiles. But I'm thinking for  Samsung A5. I dont want to go for above 5.2 inch & dual SIM. Now, I purchased this with my friends account from Amazon. Good delivery, fast and good packing. Now I tell you my opinion- its a best budget phone like-1. Best Battery2. Best Size to hold 5 inch with nice grip.3. RAM is fast and I play 3-4 addicted games.4. Speaker is nice both on speaker or ear piece.5. Touch is very smooth I like it.6. Camera is good and fast but not much features as I used in Samsung S2 & Sony T3.7. Simple & handy.8. It will update to Nougat.9. Fast Charging.10. Display is sharp & clear.What its disappoint in my views-1. Menu scrolling Vertical I want horizontal.2. I get menus on white background I want it on my wallpaper.3. Camera features lacking.4. No inbuilt app for Videos.5. Moto should develop some Software for their phone like Keyboard, Apps for Music, Photos & Videos (Sony keyboard is better than google, Sony App for PIC, Music & Videos are better than Google), camera features.Now my experience is 5 star at this price. I never give weightage if anyone Comparing Sony, Samsung, Moto & LG with Chinese phones.Go for it. Hello MOTO !"
 [7] "I bought this phone from Amazon about a month ago and have used it mostly for calls, messages and social networks. Not yet tried any video games or movies. It has good features and quite easy to operate. The size of the phone is larger than expected, and it can't fit into a pocket easily. Its battery has been performing as per specifications and re-charges within two hours from 20%. A good deal for its price, especially with the cash back offer. Amazon's packing and delivery was good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Cool mobile and meet all my expectation. Fast battery changing and have good battery backup. Camera quality is way better than others. No complaint so far."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Good as a budget phone. HD display is good, touch is very smooth and build quality is very good. Photo quality is average given its specs.. you cannot expect more in Rs 7k phone. Go for this phone if you use few essentials apps. 2GB Ram is good enough for few apps like FB, WhatsApp, uber, and few more.. Not for gaming.Cons: Noticed slight heating near top corner while charing with 2A powerful charger and after 10 mins of video recording. But should not be a major issue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "good phone at this price..small compact form factor...good value for money...sturdy...bt the edges are made of some kind of ceramic material...my phone fell down and a small chunk broke of😂...but overall smooth performance in day to day usage...not for heavy gaming but u cn play any game for an moderate amount of time....battery life is sorta okay...but the quick charge makes life easy...full chare in 1hr 30-40 mins...nd the build quality of the charger is awesome😂. thats it then"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Reliance welcome offer is an eye wash.The offer coupon was defective and reliance was not responded to my query. The same thing was happened to some of my friend who bought this mobile at that time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "It's very good phone in this price, don't compare features just believe in the performance. After using for 15 days I am writing this review.Pros: good cameraSuperb performance playing 750 mb game still doesn't hang at all,Battery gives 14 to 16 hrs battery on rough usage.Touch is smooth.No heating problemCons : when compared to my motog sound output and quality little bit low ( only when compared)On calls full volume is required to here properly when on roads."                  
 [3] "My mother couldn't ask for more at this price.I mean i am an iPhone user since years, but the perfomance of this phone is top notch!Works superb!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Automatically jump the signals faltu mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "No hangs working like soft cheese very fast"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "I feel this is the best phone under 10k. The specification are cool and camera is good as well. Gifted this to my wife and she is enjoying it thoroughly. :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "I am a normal user. My usage majorly includes youtube, flickr, instagram, facebook, few calls... etc..For me this phone is fantastic with good battery backup. I did not face any lags, automatic shutdowns, heating issues in my onemonth usage...Only concern I have is camera could have bern better. Though camera is good in well lit conditions, it performs pretty bad in low light situations.I am not a gamer.. so, can't coment on gaming performance...Giving 4 stars because of camera."
 [8] "I had a Moto G2 earlier that I lost in the airport while travelling abroad. This one was a gift to someone and it is really an amazing product. Excellent, in fact. And the delivery was prompt too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "The product is average. I was using  Redme MI before it (@Rs. 6000/-). I am not able to send contacts through text messages which is a basic feature of any android phone. This mobile do not have recorder, however I have downloaded Call Recorder (which is active during calls only). Further, Amazon had offered free power bank but didn't get it (not even purchase code). Not expected from Amazon."                                                                                        
[10] "Some noise coming out from the speakers. I'm using JIO sim in this. Signals for both SIMs are restoring frequently. I need to check with service center for these problems. I've used this from last 1 week. Keep you update more about this product after using some more days."                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "The phone is slimmer and lighter than I expected it to be. 5 inch phones are the best to use. Very good battery back up. Love the stock Android experience. Worth a buy for moderate mobile users."                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Ordered during the Amazon sale and was pleasantly surprised by before time delivery. Had ordered this as a gift for my mom and when she received it the delivery boy helped her transfer all the data and configure basic settings just so that she could use it. She has been using it for a couple of weeks now and performance so far has been great."
 [3] "Good phone .fast charging .Good display . only problem charging wire is very short in length ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Basically from moto g 1st i am using motorala handsets,,moto g1is super phone after few flop models and now moto g4 play Iam using from 5 days super phone super price no comparison with any phone its awesome .camera ,sound,processing speed simply super.36 hrs battery too good.simply u can buy without any doubts."                               
 [5] "with reasonable price its good supporting 4g and some of the common features like screenshot in lenova is not there and some others also looking good with reasonable price but limited features."                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "It's a great phone in this range of price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Good and comfortable in hand. Best to buy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Good Phone. But, not like original Moto G."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "Calling breakdown, quality not much better"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Excellent phone in this price. Actually I love urging pure and bloatfree android and this phone gives me chance to get that feeling of using pure Android. Waiting for Android N. Love you Moto."                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Awsome Above Expectations...!!Experienced good battery backup with fast charging in 50 Mins only...No heating yet used for 1 week till,No hang No problem yet nothing...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Few features :1. Run smoothly in 4G network2. Light weight3. Stylish4. Superb battery5. Designed user friendly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Moto G4 Play ,overall performance is very good with fast charging ,good camera at this price range .But Ear phone is not up to mark..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "It's not up to my expectations, just a normal android phone with basic features,battery backup is not up to mark . So its not worthy mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Good Phone.Problem is it's not 4G+4G dual stand by even Amazon mentioned it. In real it's 4G+2G dual stand by. No restart option seen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Nice phone. Battery back up is good. Also, it charges fast. Best part is that it doesn't have the in-built apps which are usually obsolete."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Got one day delivery so no comments on delivery. Handset is light and screen is not so big and not so small 5\" display is enough for handy use. I have to see how it performs. Initailly I was confused with buying Moto e3 power and Moto g4 play then I came to know that the processor for Moto e3 power is less I.e 1GHZ( Media tek) and for Moto g4 play the processor is 1.2GHZ( Qualcomm snapdragon  420 processor 420) the media tek processor is not so good. Even though they are providing 2GB RAM for Moto e3 power but there should be a better processor to handle the ram so I dnt go for Moto e3 power but it has got bigger battery (3500 mah) than Moto g4 play. Moto g4 play has got battery of 2800mah which is also not so low. So I finally conclude that if u compromise with the battery then Moto g4 paly is far better than Moto e3 power."
 [8] "Good product,worth for money that you spend"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Very good product.no hanging problem.everything is awesome..what I expect everything is there and good battery backup More than one day..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "I really regret for buying this. I found difficulty in hearing clear sound while calling, battery backup is pathetic and has heating issue"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "its been 4 month after purchase. product received was new, camera, sound, screen  all  working fine..as expected within this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Mobile features are very good, 4g Connectivity is excellent, back and front camera are quite ok, Speed is decent, Battery backup is average, lasts for 8 hrs, Display and HD quality is good, Android marshmallow Software doesn't gets hang during multitasking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Thanks to Amazon for the faster delivery within a day they deliver me my Moto ....Moto always give us a best product & the Moto g4 play is just awesome ..One thing m telling if any one think to bay Moto phones then don't think just go for it.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Worst camera from lenovo Motorola,my old Moto g2 8mp camera is better than this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Good phone in this price range for VoLTE. But no finger print scanner. Newly launched Lenovo K6 power can beat this in this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "All updated features available in this phone, recommended, Amazon provided good quality product. CAmera is also good. Totally satisfied."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "I received the package in a fair time in around 2 days on 24 Sep. Opened the package on 26 Sep Monday. The product looked like some used piece with color distortions on the panels and slight scratches. Overlooking, I inserted SIM and put it on charger. The lights were blinkering. Tried to  switch it on after half n hour. No results. Again tried after 1 hour and 1 n half hour with disappointment. The phone didn't switch on.I have requested a replacement/refund. Lets see what happens."
 [8] "Average phone, plz don't buy this model..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Moto E 3 had similar features at a lower price on Flipkart. Also the Jio SIM doesn't come along and one has to go with normal procedure to get the SIM card"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "I have no originall bill.... When any problem found in cell phone....... Then Moto g gallery have a bill......Then what can I do?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Overall performance of phone is good and run smoothly without any lag....want to request Motorola to focus on battery performance......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "i think that Moto need to understand that in today's competitive market we have lots of option why should we buy your phone. so basically they want to give us more features and function cell phone at affordable rates. becoz compare to Xiaomi the moto g4 play are weak. but apart from that the build quality is also plastic. next time it should be rather better than any other smartphone. after we think that we need to buy MOTO brand."
 [3] "DISAPPOINTEDwonderful phone but they mentioned free power bank with this mobile but when I opened the box their is no power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Hitting problem after calling 10 minutes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "If your budget is somewhere around 9000k i would never recommend this phone.Lots of bugs... Speakerphone quality is also very poor."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Nice phone.. fast......but body to screen ratio is not up to the mark....ok ok......Front Camera is good but Rear camera is average"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Not a good phone. I m facing the problem of dual SIM function, its not working properly and phone is very slow in performance. I can't give more than 2 star.This was my first and last moto phone and i m much disappointed with this"                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Works well. Not getting into too much technicalities since I am not aware of it much. Works well for a smart for this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "I think the phone is giving problems its just switches off then need to but started by removing the battery and re boot the phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Better smartphone than Samsung and cool pad.and lenovo I have opted for this mobile after 3weeks of research on Amazon and google."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Mobile is good and battery backup also good for avg daily use but only problem is there is no gyroscope sensor in this smart phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "I think moto and amazon is selling the repaired moto g4 play mobile which was returned by other customers(1000rs cashback).When i recieved the phone the product box was all ready opened.... And the thin plastic film over screen had dust particle sticking to it conforming why its being sold at 8000rs.One major problem with phone is the signal reception when my phone is lying idle for 4-5 hours and suddenly some one makes a call it tells them its \"switched off\" and when i check my phone its working fine.I think its software issue which in order to save battery is disabling radio antena. Cant replace it as took me 1 month to figure this problem.... Should have used this 8k on my gf atleast i would have got product satisfaction"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Awesome phone▶Loudspeaker is very clear and sound great👍▶Clean Android experience 👍▶Moto active display soon as you pickup the  phone the phone wake-up 👍▶Fast and smooth performance 👍▶Rear camera click beautiful and Vivid pic👍▶Front camera click beautiful selfie and good clarity in this price category👍I'm loving it go for it must buy phone in this category"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Thanks for Amazon for perfect delivery . Phone feels so classy and rich. Perfect weight neither heavy nor light. Before this i was using moto 2nd gen so just missing notification bulb. This phone is always better than g4 plus."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Very bad mobile...in 3 months lagging..after lenovo tag very bad experience with Motorola..it is a lenovo mobile ..not motorola"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "I am buying this mobile in last week at that time free power bank is there in details but in pack it is not there why"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Mobile was too good only problem is the camera and also battery heats"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Excellent Build..and very good procesor it gives more speed..i hope u it will definitely very useful for low budget customer.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Writing this simple review after continuous usage from the date of launch of this moto G4 play edition.Pros:Gentle gesture is enough to access this screen, touch screen is much responsive.Processor clock speed is more, hence high end games can be played without any lag.Battery is really powerful. Also the charging time consumed is very less. 0-100℅ in less than 130 minutes. Thanks to turbo charging options.Display brightness is awesome.Network receiver is really great. No hassles in call drops in not reachable areas too.Thanks to moto Display blink technology. If u take yours mobile in yours hand, the display will glow hence there is no need to press the power button for unlocking the screen always. This feature doesn't drain the battery. Battery friendly technology .Cons:There is no LED for any notifications.No separate loudspeaker available, only yours ear piece is loudspeaker, so u can expect loud noise in yours ears if the call drops by leaving unnoticed while still u will b keeping the phone continuously in yours ears, and imagine if the other persons call receives, u will hear the ring tone very loudly and it may hurt your ear.On screen navigation is a clumsy design by moto. There is no separate navigation keys on yours handset. Hence U can't expect the 5 inch display while browsing in yours mobile.The headset provided by OEM is really not good to hear a basic music even."
[10] "Still awaiting for the free Power Bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "The Motorola G4 Play was presented as a gift to my wife, who is an extensive user of Whatsapp, imo and Facebook Messenger. She liked everything about the device including the texture of its back cover."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Phone is very good. But i didn't receive any coupon code to redeem power bank as they mentioned.. very disappointed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Excellent phone features including detachable battery. Sits in my budget and my advice is back cover should be more strong."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Excellent Phone. Just Brought before one week. Great Built, Good Features, latest Android, good Battery Backup. and Superb Camera as per the expectations. If some one doesn't need a much larger (128GB) extended Memory, even the E3 Power is also a good option (32 GB).  Which is a thousand  rupees less than the G4 Play. The aesthetics are great. front and back camera works fine. The Only Thing i feel is it does not support well for screen mirroring with the HD TV. Other things to use your mobile for pics, Whatsapp, Messanger, etc works fine. Why to choose expensive phones for using only these applications. Go for it. Its a MOTO / Lenovo...One more thing I expect as different colour options."
 [5] "Moto g play is good so far. Multi tasking and camera are good.i bought it in sale. But i did not receive cash back so far."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Dear sir yesterday I am received moto g play hand set but power bank is not received please check this offer and confirmed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "wonderful Handset .. I gifted this to my mother .. She loves it and its convinience of use .Thanks Motorola & Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Mobile is superb.no heat while charging.i am satisfied.I have not recieved free power bank with this offer.pl let me know."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Phone is good but not give power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Wifi is not working properly. It connects to the network but not able to access it. While the my other mobile is able to."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Nice phone.fast delivery .Matches our simple needs.no idea about gaming. Bought 3 phone to my family members.still one more needed for my family.once my budget is ready will order ."                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Good service and good item.  But my friend Govind ji bathan  purchase few days sansui mobile phone it's open item show damage item .  Other brand phone receive intex and it's damage"                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "It's just best. But only thing is in other phones we have that gallery option. But in this it's not there is no gallery option. But still you can use it. Overall it's a best phone ."                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Quality of product are not good also motorolla service center and online support are poor getting speaker issue in new phone also network fluctuation problem found in both sim tray."                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Do not buy this product ....phone is slowYouTube videos sometimes get hanged when playedDual sim diables automatically once a month ...please do not buy this movie"                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Received the defective mobile as speaker is not working properly. Just like barking donkey. Set is getting very very hot. Please don't bye. No return or replacement policy of amazon"                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Very Nice device, true to exoectations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Best phone in this  range awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "The calls are dropping after some time. Couldn't here the other end's voice and they couldn't here our voice too. It's become a nuisance.Apart from the call drops problem the phone works ok. But then again what's the function of a phone if you can't make calls comfortably..."                                                                                
[10] "Excellent! 😍 Omg ! It's awesome for its price. In the beginning I was afraid to buy this. But yet ordered and was waiting for the delivery of the product, on time delivery😊 packing was not bad, but I could have been even more better !! It's been one week I have been using this mob.  No issues. No heating prblm.  Camera is good. It's best for its price 😊"
 [1] "The product is excellent value for money - but Amazone 1000/ cash back offer on Pre paid buy is still not received"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Excellent phone. the biggest change is the camera. its giving much better results than the moto G 1st generation phone.Its a a sleek slim and posh phone even youngters are loving it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "This phone arrived as promised by Amazon. Very light in weight yet super in performance. Perfect model for me. Loved it. Thanks Moto, Thanks Amazon for delivering such a fantastic product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "best phone looks clean the phone is getting android 7.0 in the future quick charging is realy a handy feature in this price range the only problem is it does not have a notification led not a big thing for me but for those who consider pls take a note of it because moto e3 power which is ₹1000 less has it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "I am facing problem while using the phone. The problem is that I am not able to hear properly counter party voice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "After using about a week no problems found . Camera is OK no heating problem and light weight . Totally satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Device gets heated near ear speakers and hence cannot answer calls without headphones. Suggest remedy on warranty"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Till now it was nice .... Good gaming experience .... Will update regarding usage... Nice OS and good performance"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Didn't get the code for power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Review from #geekysumit.#############MOTO G4 PLAY#############IN BOX CONTENTS=================1. HANDSET(W/O BATTERY)2. STANDARD CHEAP PLASTIC EARPHONES3. POWER ADAPTER (TRAVEL CHARGER) FAST CHARGER4. DOCUMENTATIONS AND PAPER WORKS5. BATTERY 2800mAh==================================================Main Verdict=Pros1.Highly affordable2.Construction has a little bit of water protection3.Simplified Android experienceCons1.Subpar performance with its camera2.Choppy graphics performance3.Display has weak viewing angles4.Long recharge time with battery5.Sharpness with speaker quality==================================================Ratings-1. Battery-8.0/102. Camera-6.5/103. Performance-7/104. Display-6.5/105. Design-8/106. Software-8.5/10 (Due to Stock Android)OVERALL SCORE- ##7.5/10##==================================================//FINAL AND PERSONAL VERDICT//Lenovo clearly has some distinction with its current line of Moto-branded smartphones. The Moto G4 Play, in fact, is undeniably on one end of the spectrum, offering consumers a phone that won’t break the bank. Undoubtedly, the 8999/- full price of the phone will be seen by many as a strong candidate for those looking for a basic phone. That said, the competition in this space is hotter than ever.No doubt, the Moto G4 Play does nicely for those who aren’t looking for anything more than the most barebone smartphone experience. But when you have other phones that have a smidgen better specs, and even fingerprint sensors, it makes the Moto G4 Play seem a bit overpriced for what you are getting. We’re not saying it’s a bad phone, but rather, the competition has raised the bar from what’s expected in phones of this caliber.At Last I don't Recommend you if you are a moderate or heavy user. This phone is good for first time buyer and Basic user.############################################Other Alternatives:1. Redmi 3s2. Redmi 3s PrimeFor more details contact twitter/sumitsharma655"
 [1] "This phone definitely delivers a lot more than its asking price !I use the phone mainly for emails, social media and of course to make phone calls and it is flawless and very snappy, thanks to the pure  version of Android.The IPS display is great and very easy on the eyes unlike some of the AMOLED screens of which I'm not a big fan. Text looks great and not pixelated at all.Touch is very sensitive and has a great feel to it.Battery is more than enough to get your day covered. On moderate to heavy use it wouldn't be a problem to get it through the day.I don't use the phone for gaming and so can't comment on that. But simple gaming shouldn't be a problem.Didn't face any issue with WIFI and Bluetooth. Speed of WIFI is  good as well.And finally, I've been using the phone for a week now and absolutely no heating issues so far. The phone remains surprisingly cool even when I use it while it is charging.Edit after using for about 3 weeks now..Still agree with all the points mentioned above.Rear camera is adequate outside in day light but suffers greatly for indoor shots or less lit area. Also camera not good enough for scanning purpose to use with apps like Genius scan.GPS was having trouble finding satellites inside car. I had to put it beside the car's front glass for reception and still it was little sluhgish. My old iPhone 4s used to work great even if I had it in the front rear seat or cup holder near the gear area.But we are talking about a 9000 rupees phone with good brand value.On balance, I'm still totally satisfied with my purchase considering its snappy experience, good screen, great battery life, absolutely no heating issues and pretty quick charging.However if camera is your top most priority, then you might want to keep looking."
 [2] "It is a good phone in 8 to 10k range. battary packup is awsome. Good front speaker. Go blindly in 8 to 9k range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Moto G Play, 4th Gen (White)I am facing the below issues.1. Screen goes off when you make a call.So you will not be able to disconnect the call or enter the selection using dial pad if you are calling to customer care. I don't know is this the problem of mobile or android 6.0.1.2. This device comes with Chinese, Japanese, Korean language set as initial language.3. there are  apps installed like Chinese, Japanese, Korean google pinyin input.Otherwise it is good. I bought it 1 week back. I will keep on updating about new issues."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "MOTO is my favourite brand... It is a above expected good quality phone in a below expected price....i love it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Great device.So so happy to provide me the opportunity to purchase that product from Amazon.It;s really amazing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Phone is good without any issues.But Amazon is fooling with their promotions.They gave around 8 offers at the time of sale.It was said that we will get Rs.1000 giftcard but not yet received.The powerbank offer is not yet redeemed.The Airtel offer also won't work saying that your handset is not applicable for the offer.There were lot more promotions on the day I bought this handset,You are so Lucky AMAZON  B**** I forgot them.F*** you AMAZON for your dumb promotions."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Don't go for specs. Moto proved that its not everything just about specs. Its performing decent with a good battery backup and the best part is battery is user replaceable. Screen quality is good, primary camera is average but front cam is decent, works well with airtel 4g and JIO VoLTE.I liked the supplied charger. It's not a Q.C. fast charger but its charging phone pretty fast (5.2V with 2Amps).Navigation works well but compromises with e-compass, Can see a 1 sec lag on corners but still fine with no GPS signal drops.Its a best budget phone to gift your parents if you dont like xiaomi note because of size and brand. It looks very premium.Got it in 2.9K with exchange of sam grand duos and citibank+amazon gc cashback."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Bad Product.Please do not buy since the Battery which comes along with it gets damaged before a a month."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Nice mobile at this range long loasting battery back up with jio sim. looking nice. Happy to buy this mobile.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Dont buy motorola phones..they do not provide solution for the bugs in their software updates and app updates."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "reasonable ,initially faced some issues(call disconnection middle with in 5min) upto 7days from buy date,now i am not facing any issue.I think charger made from china,"                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Moto g 4 play is the best phone in 9000 rs range.2800 mah battery is enough for 36 hrs usage of wifi, internet and many moreBest option of mi 3s prime or letv 1s"                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Moto G4 Play is very well features 4G (VOLTE) budget mobile.No heating problem,no sound problem,no hanging problem.So nice touching censor,it's very fast.Afterall very nice."                                                                                                                
 [4] "Phone is good but I didn't get the power bank which i was previously getting free on this product. It was written there at the time of ordering the phone. seriously pathetic"                                                                                                                
 [5] "Amazing phone, everything I expected. Plus Amazon delivery was very prompt, expected time of delivery was a little late but I just before I left for my trip they delivered it and I had an amazing time and have it on my phone to remind me of.Thank you for making my first phone awesome."
 [6] "It's an awesome phone under it's price. I gifted it to mom it is worth buying. It works smoothly, camera is nice. If you are planning any phone under 9k. You can go for it."                                                                                                                 
 [7] "This phone is very slow and skin touch not be successful story slowly waterfalls in touch one no no Bhai multi touch screen I am very sad for sperm you are not main reasons"                                                                                                                 
 [8] "It is a awesome ph. in this range...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Its way beyond my expectations......."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Service of GreenMobiles is very poor."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Never expected this phone to be pathetic.  Slow performance, poor display, heating problem and very slow... I want to return the phone howrvr no option to return the phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "Recieved the product well packed. Very good product in this price. Excellent display and battery fully charged in 50 mins approx. All operations are good and 4g works good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "I've been using this for 3days and I've charged it onceGud mobile in this price rangeWhile I'm playing game mobile got heated a little bitTotally satisfied for my ₹8000"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "As usual nothing special. Just phone is costs more with hardware used. At this price u can get Qualcomm octacore at least 415 and full HD with finger print senser.phone is having heating Issues as expected by lenovo as lenovo is well known for making pocket heaters. Now if u want to take as moto then mUst remember moto is not moto at all that is lenovo. Now the replacement policy changed by Amazon u will get only replacement nOt refund all."
 [5] "Jz osum..!!! Camera is perfect... Battery backup is gud.. Light weight...i love this mobile... The Name MOTO is enough to buy this cmpny mobile.. without any confusion..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Mobile is good but there is some issue1 battery not effective2 camera not quality3 phone is overheating 4g data usage battery down and heating very much"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Another good phone from moto!the next version of android is also promised.and i got the screen guard and cover for this phone from amazon cashback for using credit card☺"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Moto G Play. 4th Gen set is so much hanging problem.i give the rating out of  10 is 0.i never use this type of phone and not suggest to any one to buy this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Good product and phone features. coz of this i marked 5 star. but Google message, photo, contact is not up to the mark. i had installed substitute app from google play."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "I purchased Moto G Play mobile.Now it create problem.I brought it on 19th October .I want to replace my product it not working well but when I request for return it called me tech support which show that my product working well. so please tell me how can I replace this product ."                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Good phone at good price. Satisfied!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "received on time...!!1 Good product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Really superb...worth for the prize."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "At 6650. It is the best one can get."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Good Phone to possess for the buyin."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Great mobile well satisfied by brand"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "The phone, does not have a \"Gallery\". Hence cannot transfer my Internal Data Storage, to my SD card.All pictures and Videos has to go through \"Photos\" which does not respond if there is no Internet Connectivity, or if the Signal is weak.Moreover, pictures and videos sometimes do not reflect in the \"photos\" section."
 [8] "Excellent.... When compared with all other brands... Moto products are long lasting and best performers. Previously i used moto , that is the reason again i prefer it."                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "It has every needed functionality that are lacking in other phones. Supports VOLTE - Splash proof - separate slot for memory card - removable battery - descent camera."                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Phone is good but When I place a micro SD card in the slot the phone detects it and then after 5-10 mins it ejects it automatically. Hence, I have to insert it  again."                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Nothing to say. I have every handset of Motorola and i love this brand now as day by day the company is really giving much features in low price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Phone ia nice..Battery is amazing..Processor is good..Screen size is perfect .Although got one or two glitches in one month of use, but there's no major issue..Charges in 30 minutes from 0-50% and in 1½ hour from 0-100%..Earphone quality might be better...Overall worth the price.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "loved service of amazon but its not a phone for moto lovers its lenovo phone in the name of Moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Damage and used product, no option to even replace it, Heating prob, Call prob, Battery draining prob ... Old don't buy this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "After one day use i thik it's best phone in this price.. camera quility is very good,full charged in half hour,no hiting issu,just go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "I have been using this phone for 3 months very satisfactory  pros:  1. Camera  gud outdoors2.RAM gud for normal multitasking3.Fast charging4.Weight is very less5.No bloatware pure android experienceCons1.Heats when using camera & while playing game's2.Battery backup not upto the mark"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "I didn't get the power bank that was free with the mobile. This is highly disappointing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "First of all I don’t understand why Motorola is not launching all their G4 variants at once in India. I mean why one by one when all of them are at different price tag. Now lets move on to the topic of the post which is about the Moto G4 Play (4th Generation) pros and cons. However do note that the review points which I have mentioned below are based on facts rather than my personal taste. Reasons to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Pros):1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.Reasons Not to Buy Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Cons):1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor."
 [9] "First of let us be clear of where this phone fits in budget wise. Some one who is looking for a simple phone which works with 4g VoLTE and everyday use. For a budget of around 9k, this phone gives you value for money.LIKES:Bright display.Good Camera.The 15 minutes fast charging works.Stock Android (This model along with other moto phones get latest Android updates).Pure Android.No bloatwares.Premium form moto factor and ergonomics.(You get that premium feel when you hold it in your hand. Pure and simple Android)Runs smooth for daily usage apps.Runs Jio 4g LTE and VoLTE smoothly, and highly compatible with it.(Use Jio SIM in SIM slot 1).Decrease screen function is well thought.DISLIKES:Bit big for single hand use (Usually all phones come with 5\" inch display these days), but manageable.Available only is two colors.Very heavy games like ASPHALT and modern combat 5 work well but sometime lags (maybe because of wifi as well. But remember...this is NOT a gaming phone).Now if you're looking for a no nonsense budget phone which offers you a day full of battery life, good screen, pure Android, simple and moto ergonomics,.....GO FOR IT!It's been almost a month since I've been using this phone. Tested it every way possible with all brightness, apps, software, data, photo, call settings. It works just well fine. NO ISSUES. You can also look into Redmi 3S and Redmi 3S Prime, and also Samsung On7 pro in this range. But Redmi is not readily available, and Samsung is just good OLD Samsung, nothing new. Avoid all other bloatware promoting brands.You can look into Moto e3 power which looks and is almost same , but with a better 3500mAh battery and 1k less. But that has moto e architecture and this has moto G architecture. I would suggest to go for this.Note that it's not always paying less to get more out of a budget phone, the price quoted for a phone should be appropriate for the feel and features a phone offers. This does that. I'm completely at peace and have no regrets buying this.Hope this review helps."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Nice budget phone wid good featuresProsGood battery lyfSpeaker better than jblNyc screen gives out bright coloursBack camera is superbConsFront camera is averageN fingerprint sensor is missingBut over all the best phone wid good featured n good brand value"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Happy with the phone performance.The only sad thing is that outside body is completely plastic"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "It is 20 days since I bought this phone for my mom. It is a phone with great look and feel. As it is 5 inch, handling of phone is also very easy. It is VOLTE enabled,hence no need to install myjio app for voice calls using Jio SIM. The main difference for me is that the capability of this phone to catch network signals when compared to Lenovo K3 note I own. It means a lot to me as I struggle to get signal with my lenevo.Hope this review helps."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Nice phone but one sim 4g another sim 2g slot. So you can use one 4g sim for data. Mobile launcher is not good. Otherwise phone worth for 9k. Charging also very fast."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "A candid review of this phone. I bought this phone 5 days back. Display is good with gorilla glass and response time for apps is quick.Rear camera quality is good and front camera quality is OK. Most important cons is that there is heating issue while attending calls ( with in 2 minutes the device gets heated), while using internet and while using camera. The glass screen at the voice receiver ( next to front camera) gets heated along with rear camera and flash light. The problem of heating is an irritating issue and heat is felt by ears while attending calls. Rest of the phone performance is fine. I believe Motorala could have taken care of this heating issue in this phone atleast while attending calls.One important note is that, there is no refund by Amazon for this phone. Amazon said that only replacement can be made but not the refund. I am sure it is not the problem with the phone, it is the problem with the phone architecture itself. Just beware of this issue.Thanks"
 [5] "Phone is good, but didn't receive any free power bank."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "It's a wonderful device. Light weight, nice color, great display, stunning processing speed, decent camera, quick charge and slow discharge, back cover grip doesn't let the phone slip. ABOVE ALL...Amazing price deal by AMAZON that too on EMI. It's a standby phone for me and I don't have a thing to complain about."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "yes it is nice phone and budget phone. you can buy this phone awesome mobile in this range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "its a very good product. working smooth. security is much tighter than other androids... :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Very bad product provide.And Amazon team saying I am not responsible to this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "best mobile from lenovo owned moto in this price range, good battery backup, it take less than one hour from 10 to 100% charge, good camera, love volte connectivity, best for wi-fi users range is amazing, front camera will shoud be better than moto g2. amazon credit my 1000 cashback before delivery, its amazing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "I have started using this mobile since 1st Nov. 2016. till now i don't feel any problem. All looks good to me. but yes there is very little lag when multiple application are opened. Battery lasting is good.Over all in 9K phone is good but other options are also available in market better than this."                                                                                              
 [2] "A simple and decent phone with good specifications. Apart from the finger print reader rest all the features are available. Worthy the price but was wondering would it live upto the expectations but so far yes it has. More over compared to the earlier curved Moto phones this is more slimmer and easy to handle."                                                                                  
 [3] "White colour is better than black..but back is plastic where in black it is in rubber type"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "I haven't received any powerbank coupon as promised during great indian sale. Disappointed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Mobile is best but I didnt recieved free powerbank coupon with this mobile.  Please check."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Reallly love this phone..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "I am a big fan of Motorola from a long time. I have Moto G4+ and I gifted this phone to my loved one and this phone is also awesome as per my previous experience. I personally recommend to everyone if someone is looking for BRNAD with average budget and high performence.Thanks MOTO!!!! 😄😄\U0001f920"                                                                                              
 [8] "The product is good.but like not like 1st gen moto product .it may be because now it is under lenovo.but it is good in terms of battery,connectivity,fast charging.but it will irritate you some time with no required lag.it has better specification than older moto but does not satisfy like the older one."                                                                                          
 [9] "No Good apart from display. No Options were provided in the phone where we can remove clock from the screen. can not adjust font size.Wish I can return this product.However I have no such things in the phone where I can compliment and give a good rating.Please do not buy this !"                                                                                                                   
[10] "Firstly Packaging was very poorPhone is nice.. not such heating as many of them says.. a little bit warm but not overheat.. display quality is not as good... ppi is only 295 on 5inch screen.. I worries me.. also it lacks compass sensor and gyroscope.. it'll affect routing.. but on this budget phone I'm happy..Those who wanna know more about this phone... contact meEmail : hilasm12@gmail.com"
 [1] "It is not as good as expected. Some software problems found. Suddenly, letters in WhatsApp or messages, become very small... I used Moto E earlier. I am very much satisfied with Moto E, than to this...  I strongly not recommend this..."
 [2] "Didn't get 15,% cash back account."                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Battery does not last longer......"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Nice mobile with affordable price."                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "good phone with all basic features"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "i m still facing overheating issue"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "I have not received the power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "High cost compare to moto e3 power"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "product is awesome smoothly run budget phone and sale on amazon was too good which sold this product at Rs 6800 plus Rs 1200 as cashback in amazon pay balance."                                                                            
[10] "Was delivered in one day.. Nice cash back offer too from Amazon.. Battery is pretty much OK on Jio sim.. expected to drain fast.. Proved wrong... Overall happy"                                                                            
 [1] "over all reading about all postive and negative review about this phone and also with my  personal experience with this. i can say this  phone is damn  good then others  .......  and  except some  2 or 3  things i dont like in it but overall its damn  good  option then othersin same price tag"                                                                         
 [2] "got a defective piece..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Excellent phones of moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Not received the power bank which is mentioned in the mobile order as a free gift."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "I lilke to thanks Amazon Team Fab Delivery ,The Moto g Play Awsome phone Go For It"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Speaker stops working automatically,can't hear calls and music.Everyday it needed to be restarted,plz help."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Check out Moto e3 power the best Budget phone. Features and unboxing here.[...]"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Very nice phone to have in this budget."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "I am not getting power bank  , with mobile which you have give offer, plz do dis"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "I've been using the phone for a week now, and I'm super impressed! Smooth interface, elegant touch, the cameras are great, too! Doesn't heat even a bit, and the battery easily lasts a day. Doesn't support fast charging, but charges a lot faster than average. Overall, it's super snappy and delivers an amazing experience. Moto has truely offered a lot for the money!"
 [1] "Very nice budget phone with all latest features.Body panel design is great. Light weight when compared to Moto G 1st Gen. performance wiseAwesome"                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "Its really very nice. I appriciate this MotoG4 play phone. I am very happy to have it coz of its battery which charges in short period, it works like butter."                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "1.Very pathetic battery backup while using only 1 4G sim2. It has a disastrous camera3. No option to disable lock screen notification for certain apps4. No inbuilt gallery app5. Doesn't have a horizontal scroll or application6. true caller drain battery like crazyOtherwise its a good phone"
 [4] "Very nice phone ,looks wise , performance wise, hd screen , camera quality is good compare to other mobile in same range and also 1000 cash back from amazon"                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Very bad product. Only big by name. Its a dual sim phone but only one sim slot working at a time. Now visit service center again and again. No replacement ."                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Impressed by camera quality....weight less phone ......screen also good...good working.....compared to other high cost phone......so..thumbs up👍 for moto G"                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Thanx amazonthe product is working fine...The phone is totally excellent...No heating issue...No lagsbattery is also awesome.."                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "I used Moto G earlier. Due to this, battery drain fast. So decided to buy Moro G Play 4th Gen. Now good specification in that phone. With removable battery."                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "The first Android phone is from Motorola !Moto is the best for stock Android experience ..The clean interface gives the smoothness while usage."                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "It's equivalent and much better than available and costly devices in a market.Light, fast and worth operating.Moreover, battery backup is good."                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "It's a good phone in this price range. Performance is good. No lagging. Battery is ony for one day use. Rear and front cameras are giving good pictures. Sounf quality is good.A problem facing is we can't use the network is in only 4G mode.Good phone."                       
 [2] "The phone is good to look at. Android comes without any vendor's custom apps, making screen uncluttered. Performance is good and we have not seen heating issue, as few have reported. Works pretty well as hotpoint, which we are using for hours at stretch. Overall a good buy"
 [3] "Nice package at 9k, Camera should be at least 13 MP. Very easy to carry,thanks for turbo charging."                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Flipkart price is 1000 less"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Moto G4 play dissipated more heat& difficult to use it even on stand by mode."                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "This is my best phone I had.for price and performance there is no comparison."                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Heating problem during charging ya calling ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Please do not buy. This phone is heating too much. Some times got hang prob."                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Its ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Plz dont buy. It can be used as heater during winter season while charging."                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Just OK....In this price range you will get way better phones with awesome features. If you just need Motorola brand and optimum features then go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Phone is good and camera is really good compared to my redmi 2 prime mobile.. Overall experience Is good. And I will briefly write review after 2 day use"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "product is good bt cmera quality is not sufficientspecification shows camera is good bt i think not so........overall i rate it 4"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Phone is not receiving proper signal. Apps force stop all the time. You can go with moto G4 play instead of this, if u r looking for moto at this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Excellent handset. Value for money. I'm using a OnePlus 3... Bought this for my mom but used it for a week. Found it as good as my phone, for a lot less"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "moto is owned by lenovo i don't know if i know i don't buy moto g4 play then mi products is better moto.i think moto is owned by us. so i purchase moto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Moto g4 play is the best phone available under ₹10k. The pure Android is faster other brand's rich features phones. Go for Moto. It's made in India now."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "My review=======================================starting of with my review it a good phone from motorola(lenovo) and it offers you lots and lots motorola is a brand which was previously a brand known by it name but now its bought by lenovo a well known chinese brand=======================================Specification=======================================The phone comes with 5 inch hd display 8 mega pixel camera and 5 mega pixel front facing camera 2gb ram for a better multitasking 16gb internal storage to store all your important things and expandable upto 128 gb Qualcomm snapdragon 410 and a 2800 mah battery (4g+4g)=======================================My opinion=======================================Its a good smartphone but at 8999 that means almost 9000 there are many company who offer you better spec at the same price like redmi 3s prime or coolpad note 3 both of this phone comes with finger print sensor 3gb of ram=======================================pros=======================================2800 mah all day battery with 10w rapid quickExpandable memory upto 128 gb=======================================Cons=======================================No finger print sensor at 90008 mega pixel camera while other company's  are offering 13 mega pixel camera=======================================If this review helped you please press that yes button  that means this review help you and by doing this you will help me=======================================Thank you for your precious time for reading this review till the end======================================="
 [9] "I love this product, but the thing is I didn't get delivered mine just because of the foolish delivery person. He didn't bother to deliver the product instead disappeared while he was supposed to deliver the product!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Mobile is working good. Battery charging quickly and discharging quickly. Look is oky. Operation is very smooth. High quality screen. Best touch response no delay or lag. Amazon providing good service. Order delivery in time. Needs battery improvement that's four star. Not very bad performanc. High speed or quick charging. Thanks Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Okay but heating issues"                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Best phone in this price range. Will work easily for about 3 to 4 years matters on how u use it.. Nice camera nad excellent front camera. Just love it!"
 [3] "The product is very setisfying but there was only one problem and that was that the screen was gaving some scratches. Beside it is a really cool phone."
 [4] "I am face the speaker problem and network problem otherwise mobile is good .... And also mobile slow for few applications it means ram getting full...."
 [5] "An awesome phone much better than the reviews that I saw on the internet. Very good phone . And awesome services by amazon. Doesnot want to lag at all."
 [6] "Awesome phone under 10K range..."                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Good Product in this price range"                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Delivery was on time.If one look the cost,t he product is value for money.looks are simple,gud battery backup,gud camera.overall I am fully satisfied." 
 [9] "this mobile is too good for me in lowest prize and too good camera front and back ips full hd display nice voice quality 2 sime slot 4 g volte for jio" 
[10] "It's moto boss...If you like to change your device after 2year later,you can buy Xiaomi, otherwise moto is the best brand for smooth performance"       
 [1] "Very Good Phone with excellent feature.I purchased this phone for my brother, He got phone at indore within 24 Hrs.  Of order.Thanks for fast service,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "ik dam bakwas mobile sabse ghtaiya brand. isse the best to MI K bhi mob hai.1. Heating problem 2.network issue 3. totaly  google update karke chipka diya inka apna kuch ni hai. koi music player nahi badiya koi option available nahi hai."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Good product for this price.. Camera quality was really superb compared to other models in this range.Feature wise,  Redmi 3s prime is better.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Awesome phone,Decent interface,without lag aal operations, decent camera all good. It meet my expectation. I feel better than redmi 3s prime overall."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Powerpacked phone.. A long lasting camera, a powerful smooth running processor, best camera in the segment, rough and tough body.Trusted Brand!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Poor.... Your phone is not working goodBcoz  sim slot 1 is given for 4G sim but not working in sim 1 slot instead of working in sim 2 slot ...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "An excellent deal during festival time. Otherwise phone was a little expensive as other brands like Mi is offering more features in this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Pathetic phone...Does not work well with Jio... and other 4G networks.And to top it all...PATHETIC CUSTOMER SERVICE AT AMAZON...WORST EVER EXPERIENCE....DO NOT BUY A PHONE FROM AMAZON ...IF YOU DO... KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED...JUST INCASE IT HAS AN ISSUE... YOU WILL RUN FROM PILLAR TO POST... AND NO ONE LISTENS...Talked to exec's...supervisors... mamagers...but nothing... the Ground staff who was supposed to come and chk the phone... call you ONLY after the 10 day return period is over...USELESS PHONE.. AND USELESS SERVICE..."
 [9] "phone is ok..although no restart facility..phone needs to swith off every time...price is also ok but better option is available at this price point"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "No complaints in the mobile but the offers are lies.. didn't get any coupon for free power bank as claimed by GREENMOBILES .. the offers were fake.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "The phone is amazing performance but the bad thing is in tamil nadu there is no moto service center so thamil nadu people think before while buying."                                                           
 [2] "Below 10,000 range. This is a good phone. But there is no auto on-off function. And all app are stored in internal memory. You will get only 10 gb free.and the app will be installed in given internal memory."
 [3] "No bloatware, thats the best thing about this phone. No unnecessary bulky builtin apps. This makes it a very smooth device.best phone at this price"                                                            
 [4] "awesome mobilevolte mobiel and very nice product. i am using moto g4 plus for more than 8 months and now just brought g4 play. TRUST on moto."                                                                  
 [5] "Product quality is not so good . Battery back is okay. Heating issue is there while charging . Similar product like Moto E3 Power but higher cost ."                                                            
 [6] "Reached my expectations and it never had prob of hanging even after installing 20 apps or so.Moto play is far better to choose for your sis's"                                                                  
 [7] "All in all a good phone in such a budget..but it heats up when using net...and sometimes while charging."                                                                                                       
 [8] "Best phone in the price range.."                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Nice one but low battery backup"                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Good phone and on time delivery"                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "In this I've showed you the detailed durability and reliability tests of this Moto G4 Play. Do read till the end.°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°=°This phone is a good budget headset by Motorola and this phone passes some durability tests too.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++As this phone features a Corning Gorilla Glass, on the Moh's scale of hardness, it scratches at level 6 and 7.♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪The Dual LED flash of rear camera is made of plastic and it's perfectly fine.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Talking about the Burn test, the pixels starts to burn at about 9-10 seconds and restores to normal after some seconds.«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»«»Talking about the Bend Test, this phone does not bend easily, but after some hard pressure the phone starts to bend a little but does not break in between. So, it passes our bend test.:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:So, go for this phone it's absolutely a good but not the best budget phone.It's major PRO, I would say is it's 'Gameplay Power' and major CON is the 'Rubber Build at back'"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Pre-buying doubts :1) Lower hardware specs compared to other Chinese phones like MI etc.2) Relevance of Motorola brand since its from Lenovo.3) Quality & ease of use.User Background :1) owned Samsung Note 5 2015-20162) owned Samsung S4 from 2013 -20153) owned Nokia E72 from 2010-20124) Owned Nokia 6630 from 2006-20105) Owned Nokia 3315 before 2006Initial Impression :1) Poor packaging - 1 stars2) Phone look & feel - 4 stars3) Earphone - 1 star (Bad/ but still its there)4-months post purchase feedback :1) Rear Camera is decent - 3 Stars2) Front Camera is good - 4 Stars3) Build Quality - 4 Stars4) Call Quality - 4 Stars5) Software performance - 5 Stars6) Expected life in average usage 12-18 months7) Minor scratches in body not in screen. I dont use screen guard or cases.Conclusion :1) At 8000-9000 INR this is the best option for me.2) Software works fluently without lag & can compete with flagship phones.3) Decent hardware.4) No point having big specs if its not fast. This phone is blazing fast.Bottom Line :Highly recommended if your requirement is a fast & smooth phone without lag thathas a decent specs with respectable camera & hardware.After having used flagship phones for years, This is my first budget phone andI'm happy with it.It can be a ideal second phone too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "The Moto G4 Play and Moto E3 Power are currently the best offerings by the Lenovo owned Motorola. If you're not really a fan of Chinese deviceslike Redmi, Coolpad, Meizu or OnePlus, Motorola devices have really proven themselves to be quite long lasting companions.Now, within the budget segment of 10K, we've these 2 phones and without much delay I would like to review how both these phones fair against each other.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Build Quality:->-----------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the extra grill.The back of E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Screen & Display:->------------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has Moto Display and One Handed Mode, the E3 Power doesn't have them.Performance:->-----------------------The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Storage:->---------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play come with 16GB of Internal Storage. You get upto 11GB free on E3 Power while around 10.5GB on the G4 Play. Both the phones support USB OTG.Expandable Storage:E3 Power: 32GB via MicroSD CardG4 Play: 128GB via MicroSD CardCamera:->----------------Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery:->---------------While the E3 Power comes with a 3600maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 3.5 hours to 4 hours to fully charge the device.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.4G Network & Jio:->-------------------------------Both Moto E3 Power and G4 Play support VoLTE (Band 40) and can be used with a Reliance Jio Sim Welcome Offer. Yes, you can dial numbers from Stock Dialer without connecting to Mobile Data. Bear in mind that the phones reach upto a temperature of 40.C when continuously on 4G.Battery Life on 4G:->-------------------------------With continuous 4G usage, the E3 Power can last for 6 to 7 hours while the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours.Software & OS:->--------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play with 14 other devices will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion->--------------------The E3 Power proves to be the obvious choice if you want a device that performs better on battery life as well as the Camera. The E3 Power is available every Monday via Flash sales on Flipkart for Rs 7999.The G4 Play although has a smaller battery is a better performer with the powerful CPU and higher capacity for storage via MicroSD Card. The G4 Play will also get the Nougat Update.If you're not into heavy usage and Android Updates, the E3 Power should be your choice."
 [4] "HELLO FRIENDS MOTO G4 PLAY IS A STYLISH PHONE AND HAVING PRETTY DECENT SPECS TOO.THIS IS MY HONEST REVIEW AND MY EXPERIENCE WITH THE DEVICE.IN THE BOX1.THE G4 PLAY ITSELF2. USB CABLE3. TURBO CHARGER4. BASIC EARPHONES5. MANUALS AND WARRENTY GUIDEDESIGN AND SCREENThe Moto g4 play has a full plastic built. The back and the battery are removable where you will also find the micro SD card slot and dual 4g SIM card slot, it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine. Feels very light while holding. It doesn't have the finger print scanner. it works pretty well for both calls and media consumption. The 5 inch display is decent, it's only 720p but colours looks decent and vibrant, with decent amount of brightness, but the viewing angles are not that great the colours gets washed out in some angles. The display is not better than the Redmi note 3 or the coolpad note 5, but it gets the job done.PERFORMANCEthe Moto g4 play has the snapdragon 410 processor with the ADRENO 306 GPU and 2 GB of ram, the processor works great for day to day usage and casual gaming, it also handles heavy usage pretty well but the gaming performance is not that good, there is a lot of lagging in heavy games. The multitasking of this phone was pretty average with the 2 GB I was able to only run 4-5 apps in the background. The Moto g4 play runs on the android 6.0 marshmallow with the stock android UI on top of it, the UI is very nice it doesn't have much bloat ware right out of the box. I personally love the stock android looks, but many people don't like it much.CAMERAThe 8mp rear camera is pretty average, under natural lighting, the dynamic range is okay, with decent colour reproduction but sometimes the exposure compensation doesn't work that good, the low light performance is pretty bad, there is a lot of noise in the images. The camera does shoot videos in 1080p resolution but again the video quality is pretty average. The front facing 5mp camera is okay the images looks a bit over saturated for me but it is nice not great.BATTERYThe 2800 MAH battery is pretty average as well, you may get a day of battery life on moderate usage. But it is not good for heavy users or gamers. The g4 play does support fast charging and comes with the turbo charger, it takes around 2.5 or 3 hours to get fully charge.THE PROS1. DECENT BUILT2. DUAL SIM WITH 4G VoLTE SUPPORT3. MICRO SD CARD SLOT4. GOOD FOR DAY TO DAY MODERATE USAGE5. DECENT DISPLAY6. DECENT SPEAKERTHE CONS1. AVERAGE CAMERA2. AVERAGE BATTERY LIFE3. NOT GOOD FOR MULTITASKING OR INTENSE GAMING4. NO FINGERPRINT SCANNER5. NO GYROSCOPE MEANS NO VR SUPPORTTHE MOTO G4 PLAY IS A PRETTY AVERAGE SMART PHONE WITH AVERAGE SPECS, IT IS ONLY GOOD FOR MODERATE USERS AND THOSE WHO LOVE STOCK ANDROID EXPERIENCE, FOR PERFORMANCE WISE THE REDMI NOTE 3 PERFORMS BETTER IN PROCESSING, CAMERA, AND BATTERY PERFORMANCE. BUT YOU HAVE TO SPEND SOMEWHAT MORE MONEY……"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "I bought this on September 10. Since October 17, the battery inadvertently gets heated up. This has no set pattern. Sometimes while charging sometimes while using the phone. No particular pattern. I am no gamer, so it heats up in normal usage. Writing to Lenovo customer care, directed me to Motorola Customer care. This is what they have to say:Uninstall one by one application and check with the device performance.1. Reduce the brightness to Auto or lower down the brightness levels under Settings--Display-Brightness2. Reduce the sleep timeout- under Settings--Display-Sleep-Set it to 30 sec3. Disable live wallpaper ( if any) under Settings--Display-Wallpaper4. Close all the background applications. Educate customers to close all recent applications properly.5. Turn off Wi-Fi when not required,Using camera for extended period of time leads the device to heat.6. Turn off 3G when not required7. Turn off Bluetooth when not requiredEven after following this if the device exceeds please do a factory reset. Basically don't use the phone.Samsung at one point of time wanted the Note users to charge their battery only up to 60%. Avoided Samsung to get stuck with the same issue.Anyone else facing the same issue? It  worked very well for 45 days and then the battery started heating up. Has anyone faced a similar issue? Please bear this in mind before making a purchase. The customer service has been a pain. Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "A very budget oriented smartphone by Motorola. I've been using this phone for last one month,it works perfectly as usual...here are some pros and cons...PROS:::::>1. a very good build quality.2. decent display.3. touch working smoothly.4. ram management quite correct.5. usable internal memory also a plus point,not so many pre installed apps given by Motorola.6. sound is pretty loud and clear both in loudspeaker or earphone.7. removable battery.8. camera quality is okay.9. battery life also okay with 1 and half day usage.10 the friendly UI given by stock android marshmallow,also up-gradable to Nougat.11. it also supports quick charge.CONS:::::>1. yes,it has the outdated snapdragon 420 processor.2. slight heating issue,actually it's the common factor of all Motorola phones.3. if you are a heavy gamer so please don't buy it.4. the camera quality is not so good as moto g4 plus or moto g3,but better than redmi phones.So I am personally satisfied with this product,if you are a brand lover...then go for it.otherwise there are lots of chines phones with greater specifications in this price segment.choice is yours..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Actually am against for MOTO family becase of Moto having Non removable with inbuilt techniques ,,, that is the reason am against. I always preferd SAMSUNG phones . But recently i changed my opinion on Moto family , recently i'm using my friend's moto g3 mobile just for 3 days thats it am a big fan for Computing techniques of Moto ... immidietly i placed an order Moto g play for my cousin and G4 plus for me  ....This Review on MOTO G PLAY 4th Gen as follows (My friend words)I am quite happy with that much of amount is afferdable for mobile purchasing ,,,littlebit unhappy with front cam i.e 5 mp. if front flash with that its ok for clear selifies and nite times 8 mp also not suited, even auto focusing and flash is there.Am not a very much battery consumer so am happy with battery backup .Mobile getting heating if you see HD movie for 1 hr 20 mints its reach temp max 37f (personal experience ) may be its ok for it.Am not a big gamer ,, but i play games on mobile when i get boured not much Max 10 or 15 mints ( battery temp 35-38f ) based on Game size. finally am satisfied with MOTO g play for enough for me...ofcourse  even other mobiles also availble with this amount , But for usage purpose its affordble on MOTOGo for to Moto if u want change"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Video calling is unavailable over heating on calling and charging."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "It was  one of the defective product ....and display was  damaged."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "As usual good touch, camera and battery life is good. But sometimes phone hangs and by restarting phone we can solve that problem. Overall performance was good and satisfactory. And Amazon's delivery was fantastic got my phone on 3rd day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "No, I'm not joking! The first photo, in broad daylight, blew my head off! Second photo, macro shot in the complete darkness, DSLR beating!! Oh yeah! This phone would never let you down in any terms! Totally value for money! If you don't believe me, head over to my profile to se the photo samples: [...]"
 [2] "My experience with this phone was great! But, the performance is not so promising at the price of RS.9000. This phone is light and there's a removable battery which is not found in many upcoming devices. Unfortunately, I lost my phone."                                                                    
 [3] "On time delivery. It's a perfect mid range smart phone. Good battery life (24 hours easily)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Battery problem with device and their is no support from moto..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "This is a best mobile and good quility product provide amazon.in"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Thanks to Amazon for prime service. Really good. Mobile looks good with good UI and decent performance but little heating issue while using internet but negligable.Both cameras are good but not up to the mark. Motorola is not like earlier after lenovo take over."                                         
 [7] "Moto G is awesome.Camera quality is above OK,Good for an 8Mp can.Deliver was next day delivery.Really unexpected of it.First charge took an hour for charging 60% of battery.Phone is very light.It gives usable 10 GB internal memory."                                                                        
 [8] "1.Smooth and Stock User Interface2.Awesome front and good rear camera3.Good Battery Backup4.Quick Charge(0-70% in 35 min)5.No Heating Problem till nowBuy only if you are casual user....not a heavy gamer"                                                                                                     
 [9] "Didnt reveive power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "I am an old customer of Moto phones and everytime I was totally satisfied the phone in every aspect. But this time I am really disappointed because all my apps are getting stopped everytime. So please help me out with this problem. And the phone is all good."                                             
 [1] "I bought this for my Mom, she had a samsung galaxy duos, that was super slow. Now, this has 2g ram and some other things listed on the spec sheet but when it comes to using it for Fb or whatsapp or other apps, it gets the job done."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "Not having facility of screenshot,also at a time we can't use 4g network and 3g network we can't change as and when required profile management is not available but as per specification it shld support both 4 g and 3 g at same time"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Power bouton not workingReplacement options not available"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Everything is ok, but how I will get the said free power bank ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "this phone  is not good.on off bottan is very poor."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "the delivery was fine but few things were not correct:1. The phone was pattern locked ( don't understand how it is possible). had to do factory reset.2. there was an offer of a 10,000mah power bank at the time of buying. It was not supplied."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Thanks to Amazon for ₹1000+300 Cash back. This is a great phone at this price .phone looks great in hand ant it is very light weighted. It has old cpu & gpu but bcz of stock android & moto brand Hardware and software optimised very well. It charges very fast with one day battery backup. Both the cameras are very good. I didn't face any lack or hang.Moto display works very good.Sound is very loud. But earphones are waste in nowadays trends so I bought premium earphones and it doesn't have gyroscope . Overall product is decent. Performance is very good. Stock android lovers go for it.I have Redmi 3s too which has sd 430 octacore cpu. I didn't like MiUI so I bought moto g4 play. I compare these two and saw that moto g4 play is faster than Redmi 3s in every task. My friend have Redmi 3s prime which is little faster than moto g4 play.Redmi devices has everything but nothing special.I'm satisfied with this moto g4 play"
 [8] "I really like this deal because Amazon provides me a total discount of 2000 extra cash back rather then given discount... My phone works smoothly and there is no problem ever I have faced....Expected color and fantastic Packaging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Got what I wanted"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Totally worth it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Mobile is very nyc...but when i buy this product there was 5 special offers like 500 rs discount on hdfc,100 % cash back and offer on book my show and Yatra cash upto 5000... i really have a trust on Amazon but? I need an explanation regarding this...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "DesignThe Moto G4 Play has a thin frame at 9.9mm and the weight is 4.83 ounces (0.31 pounds). At the top-front of the G4 Play is a front-facing speaker. And at the bottom is the micro USB charger port. The 3.5mm headphone jack is at the top of the G4 Play.On the back of the G4 Play is a plastic cover and it can be peeled from the bottom. The edges of the G4 Play are rounded, making it easier to grip in the palm of your hand. The Moto G4 is available in two colors: black and white.What features seem to be missing from the G4 Play? The G4 Play does not have a fingerprint sensor like the G4 Plus does. And the G4 Play is not as durable as devices like the Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 7 because it does not come with an IP rating. And it does not have near field communications (NFC). However, the G4 Play does have water repellent nano-coating so it is protected from splashes and rain."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "I am using Nexus4 for last 4years. Comparing to it, this mobile is no way equal to it. But the spec is almost same. Lot of small small bugs. Not a perfect mobile. If you are a frequent mobile user don't go for this. This is just a \"Ok\" mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "good choice but many other alternatives are also here........."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "No front camera option in Moto g4 play so replace me a new one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "I didn't get any cashback amount as promised.. So disappointed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Phone is okkBut I don't get any power bank from the pack"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "It is good phone....Battery is sufficient for all day..But screen quality is less if compare to other phones in same rangeIt have removable battery which is very hard to find now adaysU can blindly order this hehe"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "I have palced this phone and made a payment through card as per the your payments i am entitle to got back 10% amount but till date that amount was not remitted in my account kindly make.a arrangement for return the said amount"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Its a Honest Review guys after 2 weeks of usageI was worried after ordering it that how it would be?Will it be worth the price?Yes it is worth the price.Best phone for this price in the market with trust of Motorola brand.Guys Brand is Brand.Don't get attracted to many features that other companies are giving in this price.Moto phones are reliable and they don't cheat customers thats why their phones are bit costly and give less features to customers at a given price.Honest scoring:1.Battery lasts long for a day easily with heavy usage as they are saying.(10/10)2.Display quality is decent in this price range.(9/10)3.Processor is quad core 1.2 GHz so it is not blazing fast but speed is good enough.(9/10)4.Camera is really  8MP but it is better than the 13MP cameras that most of the other brands(i'll not mention brands) are giving.5.OS pure android cluuter free android with phone only trusted google apps comes pre installed and no bloatware.Pure version of android makes it more faster.(10/10).6.call quality is very good.(10/10).7.Didn't hanged till now.8.No lag experineced till now.9.No heating problem even with heavy usage but it gets heated when it is being charged because it has a 10W charger for fast charging so avoid using the phone while charging.10.in 1 hour 45 min it charges from zero(shutdown stage) to 100 %.You will get exactky what they are saying and a reliable product.Go for it in this price range."
 [1] "sim networks is not detecting."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "OFFER NOT RECEIVED.FAKE OFFERS"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Good phone...worth the money.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "I am not got power bank in box"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "A nice and smooth phone so far"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "A best product in its range!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "IMEI 354144070789647- Inserts any sim displays SIM Empty on my phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "First of all its not a Moto product. Its LENOVO Moto G Play and it is not mentioned any where on Amazon.The built quality of the phone is very poor not like the earlier versions. The overall quality is degraded and the Camera is not good which makes it its a product waste of money."                                        
 [9] "Thanks to Amazon for faster deliver... I received the package in around 3 days on 27th October. Opened the package on 28 October. Average phone with no new features, build quality is also cheap, phone often gets heated, camera quality & earphone is very poor I suggest Motorola company to improve quality of their product."
[10] "I am using it since last 45 days, and it's  freezing in small apps and once Skype is on you can't do anything it freezes .Not satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Not charging properly and screen flickering after  the purchase of one month."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Excellent phone in this price range. Been using it since Oct'16, haven't faced any sort of lag yet. The battery sometimes drains quicker than expected. Could have done better with a 3500 mAh battery. Camera is great, voice quality is alright."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Just perfect for daily use and has everything you need. 415 snapdragon is powerful enough and the toggle screen size option is awesome lyk the ones they had in xiomi note 3.Everything is just perfect and worth for 9k."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "A very nice product at nice price only few lag with heavy usage, for everyday usage it's nice product. Not for gamers. one problem I found with this device is the sound quality while in call is too bad, otherwise it's great"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "The correct product with marginal economy for every INDIAN youth or whomsoever Need a smartphone.For what's App,Allo,FB,study materials,Communication with good speed and Rich Battery back up.Just Buy the phone.G4+ Is a geometry Box will not fit Inside you jeans."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Great phone but the packaging was equally worse as the phone I received was dusty.Also although other Moto phones come with a screen guard mine was without it and the customer support says they cant help me with it.Wow..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "The Moto G4 Play and Moto E3 Power are currently the best offerings by the Lenovo owned Motorola. If you're not really a fan of Chinese deviceslike Redmi, Coolpad, Meizu or OnePlus, Motorola devices have really proven themselves to be quite long lasting companions.Now, within the budget segment of 10K, we've these 2 phones and without much delay I would like to review how both these phones fair against each other.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Build Quality:->-----------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the extra grill.The back of E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Screen & Display:->------------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has Moto Display and One Handed Mode, the E3 Power doesn't have them.Performance:->-----------------------The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Storage:->---------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play come with 16GB of Internal Storage. You get upto 11GB free on E3 Power while around 10.5GB on the G4 Play. Both the phones support USB OTG.Expandable Storage:E3 Power: 32GB via MicroSD CardG4 Play: 128GB via MicroSD CardCamera:->----------------Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery:->---------------While the E3 Power comes with a 3600maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 3.5 hours to 4 hours to fully charge the device.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.4G Network & Jio:->-------------------------------Both Moto E3 Power and G4 Play support VoLTE (Band 40) and can be used with a Reliance Jio Sim Welcome Offer. Yes, you can dial numbers from Stock Dialer without connecting to Mobile Data. Bear in mind that the phones reach upto a temperature of 40.C when continuously on 4G.Battery Life on 4G:->-------------------------------With continuous 4G usage, the E3 Power can last for 6 to 7 hours while the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours.Software & OS:->--------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play with 14 other devices will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion->--------------------The E3 Power proves to be the obvious choice if you want a device that performs better on battery life as well as the Camera. The E3 Power is available every Monday via Flash sales on Flipkart for Rs 7999.The G4 Play although has a smaller battery is a better performer with the powerful CPU and higher capacity for storage via MicroSD Card. The G4 Play will also get the Nougat Update.If you're not into heavy usage and Android Updates, the E3 Power should be your choice"
 [8] "I am writing this review after using it for 2 weeks its very gud phone at affordable price as all smart phones do have heating problem i found a little less in dis phone its very much gud to play games like asphalt n etc"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Decent rear and selfie camera not good for low lights. Decent processor to meet day 2 day needs. Average display.Poor battery backup. Doesnt even last for 1 day for normal usage.Ok phone at this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Worst mobile while playing videos it will struck every time"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "received the same item with in five days so i am very happy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Nice phoneBattery backup is goodCamera too good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Product is good but only problem is \"screen overly\""                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "The best mobile for regular use.[User - Medium to Heavy]Please use with a case for its very thin bezels and of course with a screen protector. There you go, you have a sturdy guy in your pocket."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Very good budget handset by moto everything is awesome only disappointed with one thing that it do not have moto gestures like moto g3 and turbo have. Good service by Amazon Thank you very much got it one day before ☺"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "We have Moto G and Moto E3 currently in market. After all the study done, I chose this phone.Motorola has worked a lot on look and feel of this piece. Internal memory, after 10 apps installed, stays free.. 8gb for use.Moto is smart in giving only basic apps on its handset, so no Deleting task required.Android Marshmallow, smooth as butter. Beautify mode on Camera app is a bonus for Selfi lovers. 4G support and all features, this is a complete 5\" pkg in this cost.I would summarize my experience in below points.Primary Camera : 8/10 (According to MOTO brand, click sound is annoying)Look and feel : 9/10Weight : 10/10 (Very lightweight )Battery : 9.5/10Headphones : 9/10Color : 10/10Grip : 10/10Front cam : 7/10 (Expected better quality)Performance : 8.5/10 (Yet to do an extensive test)Overall, it is enough to compete Redmi 3s prime. Go for it."
 [7] "I got a scratch mark on my phone when i recieved the phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Amazon is excellent but Motorola service centre are worst."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Bought the phone .Thought lenevo and Motorola will make it better.After using it for 4 months .Phone gets heated + microphone makes shutter sound .In short - Better to go for Appo or Mi"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Guys, i am using moto g4 play since 2 weeks .I want to share my experience .So these are things that i like about this phone:- this is a light weight phone that is really good- it supports sd card . So no storage problem- i dont find any lags since i bought this phone- heating problem is less- i bought white colour model which looks really good than black one- camera is average- batery is also average but it support fast charging so no complain for batteryAnd these are things that i dont like:- i doe's have fingerprint scanner-  body is of plastic- price should be cheaper as the redmi 3s is really awesome phone in 9000 price range- all the moto action are missing like flick to open camera . Which i really dont like- thats all :-)"                                                                                                                
 [1] "I purchased this phone on 7th sept received on 8th sept. Thanx to amazon delivery.Its really a good phone under 10k. It has vey nice 5 inch display with IPS technology which has pixel density of 294.Good camera quality.Battery is 2800 mah which is enough for average use.I don't play games on this device but tested for its performance,  games were running fine. It has minor lags while playing hd games(I played nova 3 freedom edition). Also device get heated up for continuous playing for approx 15 mins & reduced battery by 30%. Also played CoC for half an hour but no significant battery drain observed(also device heated up a bit).It comes with 10w charger which charges device in 15mins(they say so, but actually fast charge work upto 70% after that battery charge on normal speed). Also no significant draining of battery while connected to wifi(I'm connected to wifi from 10am where charging was 93% and now 12.30 pm charging is 83%).It has pure android ui, no bloatwares(extra unwanted apps). Also it is light in weight.conclusion:-It is average phone with some good features..."
 [2] "Awesome phone.......I got it for ₹7999 only.....it's the best budget phone.....the main advantage with Motorola phones is pure Android which is not with other company phones except Google....best phone under ₹10000"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "It will not get the android nougat 7.0 update as in india the amazon is selling moto g play xt 1602 but on website moto is showing that it will be available to only moto g play xt 1609. So fingers crossed hope for the best."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Brilliantly packaged product for the price.Been using it for 6+ months and have faced no issues at all with the phone.Works like a charm - a bit of a lag noticed occassionally when running resource-heavy games."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "All over very nice phone but one drawback of this mobile camara is average.if u r camara lover don't buy this phone .In this phone all features is very good except camara .Camara is good but not expected."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Amazing phone by moto....stock Android moto g4 play .... lightning fast performance ....super selfie and avarage rear camera....nice battery backupAnd thanks to Amazon...the best online shopping sites."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "nice to get amazon cashback.fast delivery by amazon,camera is good but struggles at low lighting battery is avg. best phone in price of 9k if u want a fast android updates then moto is the best in this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "What was about free item ( power bank ) with moto g4 play"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "The phone looks great.Pros:  - light weight  - good battery life  - good front camera and rear camera  - Completely native in build features ie. removable battery, dual micro sim cards(both volte supported), and a desired micro SD card  - Internal Available around 11GB with no preinstalled useless stuff. It has Android Marshmallow in which you can use SD Card as internal and hence can increase storage as per requirement. Apps can be easily moved to sdCard.  - Great Android experience  - Quality sound from speakers (has single front speaker which delivers great sound)  - Fast charging (2 Amps charger with data cable in package). (0 - 90% in 1 hr)  - Ear phones includedCons:  - NOT A GAMING phone  - Don't expect smooth experience for games like NOVA, GTA, COD Strike Team  - Miraculously it plays Modern Combat buttery smooth. I don't know why :D"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "A hift from Maa on my bday!  Feels great to be a part of Moto g family! Excellent phone. Amazon delivered it just on time. Thanks!!About the phone.. it is the best povket friendly phone. I recommend."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "I gifted this phone to my dad on his 50th birthday. He liked it a lot. He is not much techno savvy but he liked it.Easy to use. Battery back up also good, lasts for whole day. Screen is also amazing."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Mobile box was not sealed but I didn't report and started using because goods appeared intact.Handset is light weight, looks good but there are serious issues with signal reception. Network for both sims disappear during calls and call gets disconnected. There are no such issues with same SIMS in other handset.Calling is basic requirement of a mobile and if it is not working properly there is no way we can call mobile as good.When I called Amazon they told there is no replacement/ return policy. Instead they asked me to install smart check app which did not report any issue with my mobile. On subsequent use of this App it asks for PIN which as per Motorola customer care should be given by Amazon and Amazon says it is not required and I should uninstall and reinstall the App which will start the App without PIN but in vain.Motorola customer care are very few and I may have tough time with this set.I promise that I will give 5 star if Amazon and Motorola get my issues resolved. Else I will term it a waste of money and treat this as a learning cost.Enjoy Motorola and Amazon.. hamare paise pe aish karo.."
 [3] "Fantastic phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Good product 😃"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Used for more than 20 days, Smooth performance till date"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "i received moto g play 44g gen good condition  thank you"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "My handset having some speaker problem while calling...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Good phone with nice batrey backup and decent camera...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "It's very quick service by Amazon India Pvt Ltd, Iam willing to say very big thanks to deliver my phone with in short period and about phone working Good there is no any default  iam Enjoying with my new phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Phone bhari ahe pan thoda heat hoto........baki Kay nay"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Product worth of what I paid"                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Nice phone.good budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "Great paisa vasool phone...."                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "EXCELLENT PHONE @ THIS PRICE"                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "It's a good phone in this price. But Motorola should  add a gorilla glass screen to it for protection. Bottom line is value for money"                                                                                                      
 [6] "Good Phone But no camera settings is there and no notification light is there.Over all good phone no hanging,no heating at all."                                                                                                            
 [7] "This is good mobile but releasing Moto E Power with same / better config with lot of offers and less price in 5 days is too much bad."                                                                                                      
 [8] "Heating problems occurred and cannot move download items easily .some times app and other folders when open automatically close .hanging problem also occurs when use some app same time phone rings then.gallery  folder is not provided ."
 [9] "Got the phone for 9k with 1k cashback. It is a really good phone for this price. It has a decent battery, and it charges quite fast."                                                                                                       
[10] "its an awesome phone quite fast and snappy though doesn't has a very high end processor but its amazingly fast and doesn't lags much"                                                                                                       
 [1] "Good camera and good mobile. Only concern is charging point between charger and mobile. Overall Good phone received before 4-5 days."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Very good product at that price point.Specially the camera is brilliant.Phone is very light .Overall great phone ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Why It is a wise decision to buy this phone?pros:-1) Very sturdy device with very descent looks.2) You get Motorola branded phone.3) All your day to day tasks are beautifully handled by the phone.4) Pure Android, and the best part is... if you ever wanted to buy a Nexus 6, but couldn't because of its high price, now you can have it by just spending 8,999/-. Yes! at least from software part.5) Descent cameras at this price range.(Don't believe the negative reviews, some people just expect a lot in exchange of very little.)6) Nice and premium display. No pixel visibility  at all.7) 5 inches display fits both your pocket and hand pretty easily.8) Descent battery backup. 1 full day for heavy users, 1 & 1/2 days for medium users, 2 days for light users.9) Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, with water repellent nano coating.10) All useful apps will run because of its 1.2 Ghz Snapdragon 410 processor & 2 GB ram.Cons:-1) Not a fancy looking device!2) No useless fancy feature!3) Not for Phone Maniacs!!!"
 [4] "It's one of the best Mobile in this price range at this timeIt's work fine with all aspects camera is great results , music , video & bettery life is great no need to change for long timeIt's perfect for daily use"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "Good phone, but the offers mentioned on the websites like power bank, etc were missing..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "best phone below 9k budget.battery back up is good & processor is very nice for downloading.lightweight phone.i love it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Very nice mobile by motorola. Look is cool.. i perchesed for my brother. He loves it. Touch is very smooth and display is too good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "A great product, one of the best smartphones in this budget friendly price range.I am totally satisfied with the performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "This Phone is awesome comparing with the price. I just love it...Thanks Moto G Company and Amazon Prime for marketing the product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Very good phone...worth buying it...Good product and reasonable and fair price...Picture quality and sound quality is very good..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "No jio sim offered. Power bank too not given with it."                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Phone is goood"                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Nice to buy..."                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Moto very nice"                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Sir my 1000 rs Cashback is not credit in my Account."                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Happy with it bt some miner things like screen flashing, audio jack nd sometimes both simcards disable nd then appear not so big problems bt company have to fix them nd  heating is not an issue in it"
 [7] "it is good mobile phone accordingly price basis,all features are good but only problem is that the battery backup is too low as compare to moto e3.all other features are to good,looking awesome"      
 [8] "Reliance welcome offer is an eye wash.The offer coupon was defective and reliance was not responded to my query. The same thing was happened to some of my friend who bought this mobile at that time." 
 [9] "huge problem in data connectivity through sim card.."                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "Not as good as expected, Camera Clarity is not good."                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "I had a Moto G2 earlier that I lost in the airport while travelling abroad. This one was a gift to someone and it is really an amazing product. Excellent, in fact. And the delivery was prompt too."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "The phone is slimmer and lighter than I expected it to be. 5 inch phones are the best to use. Very good battery back up. Love the stock Android experience. Worth a buy for moderate mobile users."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "with reasonable price its good supporting 4g and some of the common features like screenshot in lenova is not there and some others also looking good with reasonable price but limited features."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Lenovo is Chinese company"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "First off all I vouch for this product.Its a great phone to be used under the budget you are looking for.Display of the phone is vibrant, sturdy build quality, battery life is awesome.Camera is bit on lower side (but no complains) you can't expect be from the budget you are asking for.But lately, this is first time with Amazon shipping is really poor.Order first on 17th expected delivery was on 20th (good),but it extended to 24th.Again missed it, then assured was 25th missed.Then i put a complain via customer care service, got a replacement.The replace product ordered on 25th late evening, delivered on 27th evening."                             
 [6] "Using the phone for more than three months now. Shifted to MotoG Plus after using Moto G3. Moto G3 was absolutely fantastic and butter smooth. Same can't be said about this phone.Major problems with the Volume button. Lenovo has placed the volume button at the most idiotic position. U try to hold it in any way and the volume goes down on its own. Suddenly you realize that you have 10 missed calls because the volume went zero on its own. Another major problem is unstable home icons. They keep on moving at the slight touches.Battery life is average and sound output is very ordinary mono.Only good things are camrea, sharp screen and stock Android."
 [7] "Received a new piece. Product is working well so far. The size of the icons and text are too large and take up too much space, tried changing the settings but no use. Overall a decent handset."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Excellent phone in this price. Actually I love urging pure and bloatfree android and this phone gives me chance to get that feeling of using pure Android. Waiting for Android N. Love you Moto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Using it from past one month. Good phone with decent performance for this price range. Camera quality is good. Battery backup is okay. Overall I am satisfied with this product for that price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Battery not good....light weight phone...I used Moto e 3rd gen ..but this time not satisfied with it...product materials used low qualityCamera goodOne can find better than this.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "For a guy who's looking for long-term and rough use they can buy... Battery is very good. Sound quality is bad without earphones"
 [2] "Good front camera for selfie.. back camera is also good. Phone works pretty fine doesn't lag while switching to different app..."
 [3] "This motorola g play very good and i love it. Touch screen very smooth and the i could say everything is very good and perfect.."
 [4] "I have not received power bank and jio sim and airtel data card  for the mobile offer which was mention during dashara festival."
 [5] "Excellent product. Very sturdy with a premium look. Flawless performance. Good quality hardware. After sales service is better." 
 [6] "Good as expected..  I purchased this for my sister..  But if u really want to buy an awesome smartphone,  Go with any Xperia 😀"  
 [7] "Expectations not reached cost is too high for that confifurations camera was bad .spented money not satisfied but good charging" 
 [8] "I am feel happy about this phone because I expected features all are have this product and I received 1000 Cashback from Amazon" 
 [9] "Phone was delivered the very next day of ordering the same... Thanks to amazon fir that... Phone build & performance is good..." 
[10] "Bought it for my Dad, Got it in Diwali cashbacks Sale for just Rs.6650.Decent budget phone with clean stock Android experience." 
 [1] "The earphone port is not working and not satisfied with the product and there is no option for service for the same on the app."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "I had Motorola walkie talkies as a child and am well aware that this is a super brand. I was looking at an affordable model for some time and this seemed to fit the bill. However, despite a good design and fast processor, the settings are cumbersome and not user friendly. With great difficulty I was able to set the APN settings of my 4G carrier Reliance and had to extensively manipulate the options to get at it (It requires lots of fiddling with permissions which are hard to find). I had to search the online help forums and finally got to set it. NOW, came the big NEGATIVE. My previous phones were seamlessly coupling with my JVC car audio system and I could hear phone calls and retrieve the phonebook on the LCD display. Moto G Play although connecting via bluetooth did not elicit any response on the car system. neither could I make or receive calls (which I always do by stopping the car - NEVER while driving), nor could I get the phonebook on my otherwise latest modern double DIN JVC system. Extensive search on the internet for 2 days (48 hours yielded no results). I searched forums and helplines with the keywords - Moto G Play/bluetooth connectivity/ marshmallow Android system.bluetooth, etc. NO RESULT. The searches led to American Moto help forums. I searched for Moto India Helpline: Found it, called, no response - the line was dead. I searched for the regional Moto landline number for North India in Chandigarh: The landline number which I found when dialed elicited the response: \"This Number Does Not Exist\" tried again by upgrading the firmware of my JVC system: No result. FINALLY, I took out my SIMS and went back to my old faithful LTE smartphone. My faith in Motorola stands shattered."
 [3] "bad and 3rd class phone... worst company moto and lenevo....waste of money... with in 3 month it damage and line on the screen"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Best phone in this price range. Magnetometer is not present, hence Magnet app won't work. Else very satisfied with this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Good oneUsing for the past 4 months till now no problem.Compare to other brands i think this is the best one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "I am really thankfull to Amazon for this product at such a lesser price.Very good product and all features are good....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Nice and very useful .. Motorola G4 play Simply Blockbuster..###**Battery Backup Just Osswam***##Never seen Never Before"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Phone is ExcellentI satisfied with the all specificationsGood batteryExcellent cameraNice sound system"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "The bottom button comes with screen hence very difficult to manage.Battery back up is not impressiveFeels like it having less android features when comparing with my Lenovo K5 series"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Moto G1 has the android default launcher as OS, all later version of Motorola  have Google Now launcher as the default os, which is not as userfriendly as Moto G1 default os, also the new Google Now launcher sucks bcoz of bright white background"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "They said it's a dual 4g+4g standby but in reality it's only having 4g+2g otherwise overall phone is good in this price range"                                           
 [2] "Nice phone loved itGood in this price first time impressed with moto but services of amazon still need some improvement"                                                 
 [3] "Mobile par light scratch paye gye jb set ko open kiya.box par company ki koi seal nhi thi sirf simple cello tape lagi hui thi"                                           
 [4] "Moto g4 play is best in price segment as well as in performance too i am very  much impressed with it built quality and specs"                                           
 [5] "Only 2 Problems:1)Over Heating Sometimes2)Battery life could have been better..Other then These above Two.. Thumps upRequest to Moto  group: Please change your ear bud."
 [6] "Voice flickers during call"                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Best product at best price"                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Excellent phone 5 stars 👍"                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Good phone for the money''"                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Good one in terms of speed"                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "item was good but heating is llittle bit problem"                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Not worth that money.Instead go for mi 3s prime."                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "I didn't get the power bank, otherwise its good,"                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Very good phone... only problem I faced after one month usage is phone gets switched off occasionally automatically... heating problem is also there.But still a good buy for this price"
 [5] "Not the best phone at Rs.8k, but satisfies the need... Durable and trustworthy in that budget category... Think twice before you buy...But will not be disappointed after you buy"       
 [6] "It's very nice in performance battery backup and rapid charging which will charge full in 2 hours .product looks awesome it's also light in weight compared to previous gen moto phones" 
 [7] "Phone was really Good! battery and camera was Great! Headset was not good. You will get pain if your're wearing more than 10mins. They need to check on that. Other than that, All good" 
 [8] "Sir, The above is not working  when incoming and outgoing calls after few minutes it will cut-off  kindly replace. Od rectifyat the earliest  please.reply immediately.RAMANATHAN"       
 [9] "Mobile performance is damn good...but the problem is with the over heating issues...while using data or half an hour on the call,t he mobile gets heated up.thats irritating and scary"  
[10] "Good service and good item.  But my friend Govind ji bathan  purchase few days sansui mobile phone it's open item show damage item .  Other brand phone receive intex and it's damage"   
 [1] "It's just best. But only thing is in other phones we have that gallery option. But in this it's not there is no gallery option. But still you can use it. Overall it's a best phone ."
 [2] "Quality of product are not good also motorolla service center and online support are poor getting speaker issue in new phone also network fluctuation problem found in both sim tray."
 [3] "Do not buy this product ....phone is slowYouTube videos sometimes get hanged when playedDual sim diables automatically once a month ...please do not buy this movie"                  
 [4] "Received the defective mobile as speaker is not working properly. Just like barking donkey. Set is getting very very hot. Please don't bye. No return or replacement policy of amazon"
 [5] "It's a good experience to use of moto g play..."                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Great phone for the price.  Decent performance."                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Better work performance..& delivered  by time.."                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Still 31 St October no receive free power bank."                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Not connet cast screen and this is not4g mobile"                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Value for money is what your products stand for. I'm a serious Motorola loyalist, it does what I want, it's perfect. I wish I'd have bought the black version of the phone though 😅"  
 [1] "Nice mobile. Good battery backup,  camares are very good, Fast, Touch is fine.I have faced one problem in video calling.It can possible tgrough apps like messenger etc"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "The item was described as \"Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black) With Free Power Bank Offer\". But i never received Free power bank offer. Its cheating the customer with false info."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Hi,This phone is auto switch network, which is very problematic for those who are using specific data service.Example:If you have 4G data pack and you have strong 2G or 3G signal it is automatically switch to 2G/3G network and data will stop working.No solution provided by Moto CC Irshad&harish.ihave requested for refund to Amazon CC supervisor Lasya she said no refund policy."                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Powerbank is not avilable  in this box"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "If you are looking for a phone with a loud ringer then this is nit for you. Moto X play has a loud ringer. But the Moto G 4th gen dies not. Even the Moto 1st gen seemed to be louder.  Needed a phone for business purpose so rest of he features do not matter so much. Asked Amazon to take it back. But they said now on mobiles the take back policy is a bit itchy. So will just have to be stuck with this for a while. Mobile companies should start specifying the wattage of the ringer to help us make a choice."
 [7] "Initially the phone was heating-up but after using it for 2 days, everything starts working fine.Now after using it for around 5 months, I am satisfied with this phone....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Working is good but some time it's hang....???"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "It is my first smartphone...It is very good..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Very good mobile sizefront camorais good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Very cheap tacky plastic. Substandard build quality. External speakers stopped working in the first few weeks. Even with earphones...the volume drops successively. Long queues at authorized service center. They are notorious for their atrocious service...no customer courtesy...they do not answer phones...keep phones for weeks....One service center in Pune has displayed that they cannot accept more than 110 tokens a day../Just shows how many conked out instruments they receive every day. Lenovo service center does not even have information on new service center off Karve road... nor does the motorola website."
 [2] "Product is good ,there is no lag but only problem is a software update which they could have updated and given.Battery backup is goodCamera is goodOverall good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "A good handy phone under 10K. Works like a dream for minimalistic requirements...light as a feather. Also not a bad option for people who continously drop or loose their cells."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Just disgusting ...It is a very worth policy by amazon.in.... zoook 10000 mah power bank offer was a fake one....do not go through any offer ralated issue when using amazon...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "when i making a phone call to other mobile phone then my voice cann't hear by others and also battery performance is very low. I am very disappoint for purchasing this product,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "It is a good phone in 9k, not faced say heating, lagging or slowness problem being using it for over a month. I would suggest to buy it, if u pplanning to buy  phone under 10k."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "I feel this is the best phone under 10k. The specification are cool and camera is good as well. Gifted this to my wife and she is enjoying it thoroughly. :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "It blinks sometimes. Otherwise phone is great"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "OK good not bad, but the battery is draining fast with in 10 hours. No option of call recording, no option of marking several contacts at a time for deleting sending copying."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "ITS good about ease of notification details while screen lock, smooth touch, fast access, slick to hold, charging speed, 4g both slot, zigzag power button to hold, more than full day battery backup, audio quality. ITS bad about extra space at top n bottom, camera quality both not enough good, headphone is normal only, and main this phone has no gallery app (install externally which comes with advertisements)."                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "moto looks good. but having problems to removing sim cards.  and msg and call notification not show on display shortcut."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "A well thought of phone with some interesting features. A steal at this price. All seems good and i am a happy customer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "The phone is super cool ...having very light weight"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "This product is having Bug ... Don't purchase that product ... as my mobile sound gets off automatically without reason"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "I'm sending video of my handset .Moto G Play is getting damaged internally,Pls send new handset in exchange"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Fast delivery than expected and mobile is awesome but why screen guard not provided which I got even got Moto E version"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Product is good. Delivered before expected date.moto g play 4th gen is light weight. Overall the product is nice. 5star"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "very much flaws..no need to buy for this price, frequent network problem observed in many handsets, no gif support, many file forbid to support..addophile phone..doesnt support other alarm ringtone , and the list goes on..dont buy"                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "I bought this phone before one week.. running well..when we play games small heat back at camera area..and camera is quite good.. display resolution is good.. battery backup is good..u can use it easily whole day...the only problem.is that is heat..when play games and when charge the battery..it will heat little bit thats it... everything else is fine..good phone with this budget..go for it"
[10] "Simple Phone. RAM 2 GB Don't expect much fastness. Even this is budget phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Don't buy Moto product . Wast of money over heating , hanging , board problem .Somany problem are there in Moto mobile"                                                                                                               
 [2] "Satisfied with srvc but disappointed with g play as it doesn't have video call option and ringtone settings by SD card"                                                                                                               
 [3] "I ordered Black .. .Not white . . .Phone is working perfect. . No glitches or struck even after downloading many games"                                                                                                               
 [4] "Good phone not having single issue with the phone.Still waiting for free zook power bank coupon code from vendor"                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Awesome fone for this price.  Frnt cam and back cam are really Gud.low weight.. Looking smart great delivery by amazon"                                                                                                               
 [6] "Power pack back up !Stunning performance in games really amazing #Moto G Play !Glad to own that via Amazon"                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Item delivered in good condition and the phone is worth for the price.But no information or no special offer is given."                                                                                                               
 [8] "My Mobile is getting switched off 5-6 times automatically everyday... I have purchased my phone on 1 November 2016 and this problem is started on 17 November... And it's not going to restart or power on by pressing power button.."
 [9] "The spec is not so great only 2gb RAM it's a disadvantage. Phone is very light weight. One advantage of choosing this phone is the dedicated memory card slot. Otherwise shud have gone for redmi 3s prime."                          
[10] "Don't buy this phone it is slow mi3s is better with less price specification"                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Automatically jump the signals faltu mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Poor Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Excellent phone. No issues so far. Thes best feature i liked is its turbo charging. Battery is almost 75% full with 15 minutes of power supply."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "It has every needed functionality that are lacking in other phones. Supports VOLTE - Splash proof - separate slot for memory card - removable battery - descent camera."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Phone is good but When I place a micro SD card in the slot the phone detects it and then after 5-10 mins it ejects it automatically. Hence, I have to insert it  again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "It was fine for about a month, till I got Jio sim. I do not know for what reason, now a days, I have observed that a few contact details get deleted without my action."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "This review is gonna be different from others. I won't be mentioning about display, camera, or any other specification thing. Let's get right into my experience with this phone.So far the best android phone i have ever owned. I have owned a redmi 2 prime(almost same processor), and trust me, this phone is way faster than redmi2 (Dont know about redmi 3s though) . For all those complaining about the processor. Yes it has an old one, but it shouldn't matter since the performance is smooth and it plays GTA san Andreas on med setting very well. If you owned a high end phone or a tablet like me(i own an iPad air 2) you will immediately notice the difference in performance. Anyways this is one of the smoothest UI you will get in any phone below 10k . There was one thing which is disappointing, the audio output is less when compared to Xiaomi(or apple ) . If you have high end headphones with high resistance, you might have to use an amp. One last thing , this phone doesn't come with jio sim. It does support it,though. Also one let down is that when you Chromecast the screen , the quality is poor ( not more than 480p) and there is a significant drop in the performance. Youtube videos play seamlessly in 1080(on chromecast)"
 [8] "This is for who love the moto brand. They will just love the mobile. I have been using the mobile from a week and it works smoothly without any flaws. The best mobile in this price segment. Many of the reviewers in youtube say xiaomi redmi 3s is better than this one. But i wont agree with that and it has so many issues. So i recommend people to buy this mobile without any second thought. Finally i can say that it is the best mobile in this price segment with 2gb ram which is good for multitasking and gaming, and 16 gb internal memory is quite enough ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "I just needed a low cost 4G phone for my Father,And whether or not I like, his phone will be mostly treated like a toy by my kids, hence I didn't choose Chinese phones as they are fragile.I'm quite happy with the performance of the phone. I have enabled the necessary accessibility features in this phones for ease of my aged father..And after applying the protection like screen guard and cover I'm now sure that it will last at-least for another 2 years."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "its to goodbattery backup goodcharging very fastcamera is amazingjio volte supportasphalt 8 is running very fasti love this mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Very good deevice in this price ....And the camra was very good .both camra are too good and nice pic capture."      
 [2] "Very good budjet phone for a brilliant brand. Under rs .10000 price tag.Good camera quality and a Good looking phone"
 [3] "its looks much much good as you see in picsgood battery good charger everything is goodits stock android"            
 [4] "Very good budget  for daily usage. Looks simple and weightless. Elegant design vivid display. Amazon service is good"
 [5] "So far so good. Performance is  good. Definitely heating issue is there.( Gets warm for some functions.... randomly)"
 [6] "Camera not working, during touch camera icon following message showing camera busy \" camera unable to start\""      
 [7] "excellent at this budget"                                                                                            
 [8] "Very poor camera quality"                                                                                            
 [9] "Good phone at this price"                                                                                            
[10] "The service is very bad."                                                                                            
 [1] "Awsm product by motorola"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "light weight its good :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Good product for parents"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "When I see the phone it's amazingStylish, the processor and ram at this price is good, we can use the phone for around 16-20 hrs, but sometimes we are getting heating issue, but that won't be a negative for this phone, if some one asked me I always suggest moto g play"
 [5] "Nice phone if looking for stock android else 3S prime is better. I got it for 7999 and waiting for cash back still."                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "the product is good  best under 10000 but the battery life is average .all other things are good gaming  is awesome"                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Nice phone and rather change the 1 day delivery to half day delivery. Liked it nice phone and feature at this range"                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "it is really good. i like it. it is slim, hardy, with good quality cameras. it is really worthy in this price range"                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "The internet access , phone performance, call quality are good. Camera quality some what Lowe. finally It's good 👍"                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Good phone overall in this price .... thanks to amazon for timely delivery"                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "My power bank code not receive till today"                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Moto g play without power bank u are fake"                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Why is with free power bank is missing. Please issue immediately"                                                                                                 
 [4] "Mobile is working fine but I am facing problem in mike where receiver is not able to hear my voice clearly. That is the only issue and rest mobile is fabulous..."
 [5] "Product was defective and there is no return option. First bad experience with Amazon India"                                                                      
 [6] "Storage problem, without work heating, 50-60 min charging time, 7-8 hrs battery life. I am use moto g play 4th gen in one month .this mobile not perfect for me." 
 [7] "To put it in a single word \"THE BEST\"100% SUITS TO MY REQUIREMENT.Good Touch,Good Battery Backup, Very very less heating , On time Delivery."                   
 [8] "Excellent phone.. delivery on time.. camera is average, but good battery life.. works for more than a day even with 4g.. motorola should work on its earphones.." 
 [9] "The speaks works intermittently and doesn't work a LOT of times. The calls are connected but nothing can be heard. Terrible terrible purchase. Don't buy online!" 
[10] "Regretting after buying this one. I insist you not to buy. Many manufacturing defects . Gave this phone to service center for REPLACING MOTHERBOARD for 20 days." 
 [1] "Heating issue, replacement procedure in mobiles is by an app, its useless cant return it even within week of buy."                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Overall phone is very good but earphone is very bad I suggest Motorola company to improve better quality earphone"                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "It's a good phone - performance is pretty good and display is very sharp... Over all very nice phone in mid range"                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Camera not working, also it hangs and sound eco problem.. waste of money"                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Very good mobile phone,its good to handle etc."                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "I did not get cash back on use of HDFC debit card despite your message in early January 2017 saying that cash back will be given on 7 January 2017.Also I haven't got Free PowerBank.Can some one look into the matter and revert with responsible and actionable response."
 [7] "Mobile is goodIt's having nougatAmazon is very slow at giving offers ​which is being given by mobile"                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "Big fan of moto...Best class mobile for 8k.. nice front and rear camera..2gb ram nice pixel density...go ahead.."                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "The phone was really awesome , I like Moto company  very much and I've been satisfied by this product of their ."                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "The phone is alright. It lags a bit from time to time. The rest is all decent, nothing great to write home about"                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Its really very nice. I appriciate this MotoG4 play phone. I am very happy to have it coz of its battery which charges in short period, it works like butter."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "All other features n photo is very good, but there is 1 bug in this model. The speakers of this Moto do not work if the WiFi is ON. e.g u cannot hear incoming call, songs or any other sound if WiFi is on.Once the WiFi is switched OFF the sound is audible.(speaker is working).Just received few updates, to get this bug rectified check for updates, the new updates should remove the WiFi n speaker bug."                                                                                   
 [3] "Very bad product. Only big by name. Its a dual sim phone but only one sim slot working at a time. Now visit service center again and again. No replacement ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Impressed by camera quality....weight less phone ......screen also good...good working.....compared to other high cost phone......so..thumbs up👍 for moto G"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Thanx amazonthe product is working fine...The phone is totally excellent...No heating issue...No lagsbattery is also awesome.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "I used Moto G earlier. Due to this, battery drain fast. So decided to buy Moro G Play 4th Gen. Now good specification in that phone. With removable battery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "The overall performance is good.But not at par with redmi prime or redmi note.Though I have ordered black MotoBut they have provided white charger and white headphone which is absurd and have to notify earlier.2nd , message centre does not have notification separately.You can think this phone as entry level budget phone which looks handy in small hands."                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "It's a good phone. I got a great deal from amazon during great indian sale. Performance is good even the battery backup. Work 1.5 day in full charge. This may vary as per usage. I was confused between e3 power and this phone cause e3 power was a bit cheaper and was having a bigger battery. But g4 play has a snapdragon processor which is having higher performance than Mali.Anyonewho is looking for a good budget phone can go for this one. Even got a 1000mAh powerbank with this one."
 [9] "It's equivalent and much better than available and costly devices in a market.Light, fast and worth operating.Moreover, battery backup is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Best phone in this  range awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "hate the background in white cant change unless 3rd party app is downloaded from play store.. hate it from bottom of my heart. alll other things are good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Received a second hand phone, which has pattern lock present in the phone already, unlike new phone. Also, phone restarts by its own over and over again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Just OK....In this price range you will get way better phones with awesome features. If you just need Motorola brand and optimum features then go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Phone is good and camera is really good compared to my redmi 2 prime mobile.. Overall experience Is good. And I will briefly write review after 2 day use"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "product is good bt cmera quality is not sufficientspecification shows camera is good bt i think not so........overall i rate it 4"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "It was said that you will get a power bank with this but I didn't get my power bank and worst customer service from Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Excellent handset. Value for money. I'm using a OnePlus 3... Bought this for my mom but used it for a week. Found it as good as my phone, for a lot less"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "moto is owned by lenovo i don't know if i know i don't buy moto g4 play then mi products is better moto.i think moto is owned by us. so i purchase moto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Moto g4 play is the best phone available under ₹10k. The pure Android is faster other brand's rich features phones. Go for Moto. It's made in India now."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Dont go for it, I have taken this phone and from the first day itself it gets heated will charging and when internet is on.Its unable to attended the call also, it heates so much.I am calling Amazon for replacement by they are also not responding properly and just doing Timepass by sayingthat we had forward the query to MOTO customer care, by I had not received any phone/SMS form MOTO.Very Bad experience with Amazon and moto. Dont go for this."
 [1] "Good camera, good body metal but no fingure sensor, battery may be more powerfull,screen like good if 5.5 inch"                                                                                                          
 [2] "This phone fulfilled my expectation... probably it was far my expectation....great product...I really loved it"                                                                                                          
 [3] "Smartphone...on this price range is awesome...I need it again...I have just ordered another one for my mom...."                                                                                                          
 [4] "Not meet the expectations.Automatically go call or message / other apps.all apps only get by downloading only."                                                                                                          
 [5] "Received it in two days ,packing,delivery& product functioning is good but charger pin is not fitting to phone"                                                                                                          
 [6] "Packing was not good by Amazon as compare to other online dealerAbout. PhoneThis is awesome phone with light weight ,Very good displayBattery charged very fast (30min - 30% to 100%)SmoothNo lag yetGood lookingEtc etc"
 [7] "Good voLTE phone under 9000. Moto's fast charging is the best part and the speed of the phone is fairly good."                                                                                                           
 [8] "The camera quality and video display is vivid and the sound is also good.A good phone to buy under 10k range."                                                                                                           
 [9] "Battery backup low while charging heating problem I was expecting not fulfil this phone performance wise fine"                                                                                                           
[10] "Best service by Amazon, fully satisfied by the product , received as described. And moto g4 is awesome......."                                                                                                           
 [1] "Pathetic ! The chArger didn't work. Had to be returned. Eventually I bought a fake one from our local market."
 [2] "Excellent phone. Wonderful performance working perfect.Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                          
 [3] "It is best mobile to buy from Amazon under ₹10000.It is best in camera, battery,speed and users choice."      
 [4] "G play.....it works like it namesGood for highend game in budgetEven battery is good(Gamer)"                  
 [5] "Very nice phone go for it But  i got problem with earphone port not getting inserted properly...helpppp"      
 [6] "I took this mbyl on sep 13 and today is 22oct this mbyl speaker is not working and Amazon is not replacing it"
 [7] "Not deliverable to many locations. Hence I couldn't buy the product."                                         
 [8] "Ya the product was very nice bt the delivery time was long... bt anyways the product meet my expectations..." 
 [9] "Overall the phone is fantastic , but the photos clicked by both the front and the back camera are very poor." 
[10] "Got phone its good but didn't got coupon for free power bank as shown while booking  two stars less for THAT" 
 [1] "A Complete Clear Budget Phone!!!All the stock android features working well Plus Motorola inbulit features."                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Overall a good phone and very good featuresCamera is awesome at this price range even battery is good."                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "This was a Great Indian Robbery . The Power Bank was not there and even all other freebies promised missing."                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Very good service received phone within 2 days phone camera quality is very good n nice phone in this price."                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "i didn't got cashback of 1000rs as mentioned in description.plz provide right solution for my problem"                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Produact and tracking feature is absolutely good. However i faced some problem bbecause of delivery boy...."                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Not getting Android N update . Plz provide Nougat for this model asap. Phone is very good ,really Impressed"                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "This price best mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "G8 phone easy to use.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Awesome , this phone is more than what I expected . The vameras are awesome . Pure Android Experience . No lags when playing . Other than this MOTOROLA TURBO CHARGING in this phone is amazing . I request you to go for it . Hats off to the Seller And Amazon Team ."
 [1] "Bakwas phone ... Iam writing this review ofter two months used. Hanging ,heating, ..etc...phone doesn't have magnetometer which is provide in normal smart phone..and so...on ..waste of money better go with other Smart phone ...they providing better features than this in same costIam only one rating because there is no zero rating other wise i would have give zero..Earlier I used moto e and moto g 4plus ...they were better than this"
 [2] "Cell is awesome..but as offers a power bank was not provided by the seller which was mentioned during purchase."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Moto G play is phone just for beginners, High graphics games lags a bit, but as per the price segment it's a good deal , what u can expect in 8k."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "camera quality could hv been better, overall a nice phone per the price. keeping in mind the build quality is better then recent chinese entrants"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "The camera is pathetic! Unexpected. Instead of front flash, they just brighten the screen. Fraudism. Even the primary camera is awfully mediocre."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "mobile meeting expectations but other fringe benefits likemoney back on yatra.com and book my show are minimal and even thishave not materialized"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "GPS not working always searching for GPS... connection lost problem..camera is not good...look ok..light weight..not a good phone in this range.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "received on time...!!1 Good product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Really superb...worth for the prize."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "At 6650. It is the best one can get."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Good Phone to possess for the buyin."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "Great mobile well satisfied by brand"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Jio 4g voice video chat is not supported, only one day battery backup.no direct option for reset power n taking screen shot N remaining  is f9.,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Mobile is good in the price of 9000, battery backup is so strong then the others same range mobiles I recommend to all of u to purchase that one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "I am using this phone from last 1month .acording me this is  good phn at this price.Better battery backupsmoothless hang"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Phone is good...but didnot receive any coupon code which was free with this device!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Better good cemara this price good touch good sound good fast charging 1 hr 25 min full charge is good hitting only large gaming .over all good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "I have bought this phone on 17-Oct. 2016.But now phone charger not working. Some issue in charger adeptor. Can please help what can i do?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "The ad said 'free power bank' . What was actually delivered as free power bank was the detachable battery . A case of misleading advertisement."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Motorola launched this device a few days back and it is mainly aimed at people who love to enjoy entertainment on their handheld device.The phone features some incredible features and some drawbacks. Let us talk about the various aspects of this device.DISPLAY:5in display is just the perfect size in my opinion. 720p HD is decent for viewing videos but is not adequate for immersive gaming experience. During the review, the colors produced decent and the viewing angles were not that great. Gorilla glass 3 provides additional security as I survived a couple of drops from 3-4 feet without damaging the screen.BATTERY:Motorola claims that this battery lasts for a day with moderate usage but that is not the case. I usually end up charging this phone thrice a day with moderate-heavy usage with about 30 mins of gaming. The charging is quite fast as compared to its competitors. The phone did heat up a bit while charging.SOFTWARE:Motorola is one of those companies which are still producing devices with almost no bloat. The company has tried to provide users with a stock android experience in this device. The device has voLTE compability and worked well with my JIO 4G sim during the test period.INTERNAL:The phone is powered by a snapdragon 410 processor which is quite old. 2GB of RAM is not adequate as I found lagging issues on this device. The phone cannot even handle 15 light apps running in the background.CAMERA:Low- light performance is not that great. The photos are of decent quality and the HDR mode works just fine. Motorola need to work on its software department as the camera app needs to refined.Verdict: The phone feels quiet cheap in the hand with its plastic build. The buttons are clicky and provide a nice feedback. The speakers are average and the display is a bit outdated. But considering the price of this device, It has a lot of positives including water resistance and fast charging. I would highly consider other competitors such as coolpad note 3 plus and Le 1s eco,Le2. The phone is a good buy for people who wish to have a nice and affordable smartphone for light use."
 [1] "Nice phone and specially for Moto fans only. For those who dont have technology and features on main agenda. Could get good loaded phones by adding few bucks. Basic but highly responsive, could be close to many sophisticated mobiles available in market as far as performance is concern. Motorola lost that period sturdy build quality as Lenovo came in picture.Over all nice phone just to add that could have been less in price."
 [2] "Don't believe in Corning Gorilla glass 3 claim for less breakage chance. My phone's displayis broken its 1st falling on to the ground itself.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "We are providing part time work..All you need one Android device with Internet connection..For more details WhatsApp on 7837380380"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Excellent!! Good quality. I love 100 percent. Kudos to Amazon and the team.. I will sure recommend. Thanks! Once again for wonderful support.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "After 10 days useThis is good productand recommend.5 star. Just love it performance.Beautiful product. Yes..4evr"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "i ordered on the first day of the release, the phone looks good, works well without lagging. no heating.i can even play games without lagging."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Magnificant sensor is not available"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "good and easy to use. Thks mohaimen"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "I am using it since last 45 days, and it's  freezing in small apps and once Skype is on you can't do anything it freezes .Not satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Seems to be an awesome phone as it has a jack...my friend rose has this phone.. So I keep telling her finally rose has a jack unlike iPhone 7"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Cool....very well...."                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Its very good product"                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "M so happpyyyyyy....phone is so good and it is light in weight and smoothly accessible....loved it...."                                                                                                        
 [4] "Mobile heating issues after 15 says usage and headphones are of low quality. Otherwise mobile is good."                                                                                                        
 [5] "It is nice phone in this budget. Phone works very smooth. Thanq for amazon for their quality products."                                                                                                        
 [6] "Amazing delivery.. N the phone is working fine. One of the bestbudget phones in the market at present!"                                                                                                        
 [7] "Yeah...but the free powebank in it was not there and also there is no information given regarding that"                                                                                                        
 [8] "product was really very good ..this was my first moto device ...loved the device with all the features"                                                                                                        
 [9] "Best build quility ,sturdy,disply is nice and vibrant,overall satisfied.courier fasility is also best."                                                                                                        
[10] "There was an offer that power bank was free with the moto g4 play mobile. I received a sms that moto g4 play mobile along with free power bank was delivered. But received only mobile and not the power bank."
 [1] "Moto g4 play is more than my expectations.It's superb,thanks amazon for providing me as sooner."                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "I am moto lover.This is third mobile from moto with me and every time I was sacrificed by moto."                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Just got it yesterday. Nice phone. OTG missing, hands free is avg, upgrade to latest android version."                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Pretty good package for the price. Got it for my dad as his first touch phone. Fit the bill perfectly"                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Heating is the only issue wen playing games.... otherwise excellent phone now available in the market"                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Good phone so far, after using it for a week. I am a moderate user and suits perfectly for my needs.."                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Not satisfied with the product. Too much heating even for 10minutes usage on 4G network. Compared to moto e series not at all satisfied. Thickness OK. Weight OK. Primary camera ok. Front cam not that much good as expected. Overall product is OK."
 [8] "Best mobile on this price.It's  Camera, look is the bestCharging time is only 80 minutes"                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Nice phone,recieved in just 2days after ordering. Good battery life,nice camera, thanks Motorola...☺"                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Like the mobile. Screen size is just perfect. No heating problem yet as some of the Moto mobile has."                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "In this budget the product and good configuration only the display is little dull but overall the phone is good.worth of buying this phone"
 [2] "Free power bank not received.my offer moto g 4th gen with free  power bank  offer.pls reply  mail  me"                                     
 [3] "Moto G play 4G is working very good and battery backup is also very good. I am fully satisfied with this hand set. It is budget hand set." 
 [4] "Acha phone hai internet use karey tho day night acha chalra 1 day use internet without any charger without use any internet 2 din chaltha" 
 [5] "it is great phoneIt is user friendly"                                                                                                      
 [6] "Battery is bad, surprisingly you don't have previously installed GALLERY ... Unlike Moto G3 or TURBO this phone is not to the standards."  
 [7] "Average product., pl go for better ones., performance is OK but small issues at video playing, camera no so good., search with patience"   
 [8] "I have purchased two motog phone same colour but l have received one product made in India another one made in China . this is cheating"   
 [9] "Good phone for this price. Excellent front and back camera, better display quality but issue is battery is not well as my expectations."   
[10] "Mind blowing phone worth the cost"                                                                                                         
 [1] "The movie has some issue, when I plug for charging it keeps flicking, and Pope's different Windows."
 [2] "White looks better than black, black looks plastic and cheap. White is pearl white with a good look"
 [3] "Very nice phone...brilliant cameraPerfect sizeMoto has kept it's quality standards high"            
 [4] "Satisfied.Upto the mark uptill today.No problem.All is Well."                                       
 [5] "0 stars,damage piece"                                                                               
 [6] "nice phone by amazon"                                                                               
 [7] "value for money!!!!!"                                                                               
 [8] "Great product. I'm writing this review after receiving and immediately applying it on phone screen" 
 [9] "earphone is very bad.  after 4 months today .sound is not coming from earphone .. can i replace it" 
[10] "Feel very good experience with amazon. in prime and moto g 4th generationI mean it's awesome"       
 [1] "Very good mobile under this price segment camera clarity is good and front camera is too good ...."
 [2] "Very good product. Crystal clear sound quality and decent camera too. Stock android is quite fast."
 [3] "Good product no heating issue no sticking battery also v good like to have this product feel happy"
 [4] "Nice mobile. I was use this mobile last 2 months but no hagging issues and camara quality is good."
 [5] "Camera is a big letdown. Battery backup is satisfactory but heats up while charging. Rest is fine."
 [6] "Amazing phone. Features are fantastic and very much slim. Screen camera and everything is awesome."
 [7] "Superb phone"                                                                                      
 [8] "For 9 K it's great. Has removable battery & welcome screen displays Lenovo as new maker/owner"     
 [9] "Mujhe moto g 4 play 15 oct ko mil gya tha pr iske sath jo offer tha power bank vo abi tak ni mila" 
[10] "Super battery backup.Primary and secondary camera is goodThis is cheap and best phone"             
 [1] "A great product, one of the best smartphones in this budget friendly price range.I am totally satisfied with the performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "There's a lot of reviews below just go through it.\"I am personally satisfied with its overall performance even while gaming(overkill3,morden combat 5, modern strike online, mortal kombat). And in full charge the battery lasted for straight 4 hours of gameplay, to mention with VoLTE. So it easily lasted a day on normal usage too, also with VoLTE\".#BESTBUDGETPHONE"
 [3] "This Phone is awesome comparing with the price. I just love it...Thanks Moto G Company and Amazon Prime for marketing the product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "Very good phone...worth buying it...Good product and reasonable and fair price...Picture quality and sound quality is very good..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "Suits my needs of smartphone well as I don't use it for games. Battery lasts for a day or day and half even with heavy data usage."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "I am getting the blurr of screen after 15 days.But I am unable to return the product because of return policy is 10 days in amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "M using this phone frm 1 mnth this ph specification is vry gud bt a little bit hitting prob while chrged this ph.otherwise gud ph."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Nice phone at this price range. Clean android and good response time, very good touch screen, good quality front and back cameras."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Phone is light in weight and good to handle.  Display is very good and the response to touch is excellent. There is no lag observed. Sound quality is also good. But there is problem when making a call while charging. The called party gets a humming sound unless the charging is discontinued. Reported to Amazon and Motorola call centre but yet to receive resolution."
[10] "Good smartphone under 8k  light weight, water resistant and I m happy to delivery service of Amazon within 4 days it reaches to m"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Good mobile, but weight is heavier than other brands. and also photo quality is okay (not best)."
 [2] "Memory card was not functioning done for replacement they refunded me.But nice phone"            
 [3] "Nice phone, good option to buy below 10K, not faced any issues since last few days of usage....."
 [4] "Great phone,camera is awesome,it runs very smooth and easy to operate hence its quality is great"
 [5] "Received it on time, product is good as it's specifications mention, camera is good n fast both."
 [6] "Phone is lacking too much and even not changing phone only replacing to another defective  piece"
 [7] "iam joshi this is not a moto  this mobile is lenova ( Hardware)  so iam not satisfied this phone"
 [8] "Packed well..No damage during Transport.Started using the product..No complaints till now."      
 [9] "Awesome!! Best android phone at this price. If your budget is below 10k, then this is the phone!"
[10] "On 3rd day after delivery increased the brightness after which display flickered and went off :("
 [1] "This motorola g play very good and i love it. Touch screen very smooth and the i could say everything is very good and perfect.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "I have not received power bank and jio sim and airtel data card  for the mobile offer which was mention during dashara festival."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Good phone and on time delivery"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Is this product under cash back"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "very goo locking and nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Bater weak dual sim 4g not work"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "phone hangs... screen blinks..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Good product. Thanks for Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Good Product, Nice to delivered"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "To be honest, the best low budget phone available out there in market with the Near Stock Android. Very good phone for a person who uses whatsapp, social networking sites and music. The battery performance is very impressive. Its been more than 24 hrs since i charged still holding good with 40% charge with a medium usage majorly music."
 [1] "Not so good.Moto g turbo is betterShould have been a lot betterNot satisfied"                  
 [2] "I bought it for my colleague and he is very happy and satisfiedGood piece from motorola."      
 [3] "Moto G Play 4th General  (Black) has been received by me. Price wise product seems to be good."
 [4] "Camera quality was bad. No clear picture. Phone was hanging.sometimes apps are not responding."
 [5] "Awesome mobile.....Battery life is too good.Smooth touch.No lagging problem."                  
 [6] "Good phone stunning selfies but at this range you should buy redmi3s prime or lenovo k6 power."
 [7] "After 3 months using..no issues founded till now..but hard to find a good cover of this phone."
 [8] "Great set, just disappointed with Amazon's word on power bank...no sign of any promo code yet."
 [9] "Rear camera is too average. Not the best..Expected the camera..The phone is better"            
[10] "My true review...this is the best in moto generation... compare with moto x ,g4,g plus ,moto x"
 [1] "Value for moneyPure Android OS without any extra fittings is good and lightweight."                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "Poor in features and disappointing.bought it for 8999.better go for other phones in this range"                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Phone is Good. But amazon customer service is pathetic ."                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "It's just awesome phone same as its g4 plus version but I bought this ciz it's available in 5.0 inches I used it but only the feature i miss is the fingerprint unlocking rest is good can buy it coxz of the quality of Motorola.."
 [5] "Yes it's a good buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Poor Camera Quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "It get hot after charging for 15mins...the screen becomes hot after a short video call..Sad phone !"                                                                                                                                
 [8] "I have a problem regarding the screen , I still have d warranty existing so what should I do?"                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "The mobile is not living up to its reputation.its getting heated and hang up at the same time"                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Service was fast. Phone is so good. No lag.. heats up sometimes when playing high end games.."                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Its good in that price range but how ti wait if it works with same performance after one year"                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "The worst phone which I bought in my life. Guys, personally advising it, do buy this product."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Well performance with battery backup long lasting UpTo 8 hrs whereas there is no screenshot ."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "The handset package was unsealed. The G4 Play is handy and very light. Delivery as committed."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "As per current scenario this phone is much over priced with the much old SD 410 without fingerprint scanner and gyroscope... Hence multitasking will b a problem. So guys don't buy this phone at this price."                                                          
 [6] "Camera is good but Speaker quality is too bad. Its speaker is not there at front face as other Moto phone has. It has only a pointed speaker that too on the back side. People will not able to hear you properly during call. Did not expect this with Motorola Brand."
 [7] "Awesome phone,great specs on a low price. I have been using it for 3 months still no problem"                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "I purchase Moto G4 play. But not get 1000 Amazon gift card why?... Please resolve this issue"                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Excellent mobile and best battery life quality camera.Best cash back offerThanks to Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Awesome phone I bought it for my dad and he is loving it and it is going to get Nougat too!!"                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Notification Light Missing. Raw Marshmallow Version. So many features are currently in Lollipop but not in that Marshmallow."                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Nice phone...light weight nd awesome phone in the price range. If it would have a dedicated back button would be more handy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Don't purchase until it updates the overlay problem. You can not even fix it by you tube vidz it has got some other problem."                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Its a best mobile forever in that price ..its camera .,and battery. Backup is too good....but it's headphone..not so good.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "Good build quality.  Two days battery life using Net, Music player, WIFI, calling etc.  Excellent Camera.  Worth the money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Front camera is awesome..best for selfie.Rear camera also very good.Sounds is very clear.Overall perfect mobile for use."                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Call voice quantity is too bad.. same affected by speaker so always a noice disturbance happen at the time of doing calls.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "This is a very good mobile, affordable and good looking. Good service of amazon. Bt Moto g4 earphone is very disappointing."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Its superb mobile without any issues and I took this for my dad. Moto is good in their products and the style is also good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Using from 2 days... Working fine till now... Jio speed is good with Volte support.S simple Stock UI. Overall satisfied.. Simple and Durable..4 star because it need at least 3000mah battery and a better processor in this price range. BTW both the cameras r good, good display & good speaker output.With normal usage u will surely like it."
 [1] "The phone works well but when I received the package, it was open and the mobile had many scratches, seemed as if somebody carefully packed it back after using for sometime. Apparently, Return option was disabled for me, once it was delivered.This definitely lets down the trust I had with Amazon.Overall, mobile is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Hi, This mobile is amazing, having all necessary features.  I am writing my review after 4 days of use.Pros.1) Under 10K budget and Moto Brand. (5 Star).2) Processor is also very good and no problem of hanging or slowing down of mobile.3) More space for apps. ( out of 16GB, 11GB is only accessible rest 4GB is for android  stack).4) Battery performance is excellent, fast charging and backup.5) RAM performance is also good.6) No heat problem after continues use and playing big games.Cons.1) Camera is not as good as other mobile because only 8MP primary camera so not suitable for pic lovers.2) No notification LED light.3) the navigation button is on screen only so not good idea.4) Low PPI.5) Same price you will get redmi 3s prime but its CHINESE mobile.If you want branded mobile then go for Moto G Play, its really good mobile."
 [3] "Which sound is hear from back side of phone . I think some moveable part is here or some defect. Anybody face this problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Product with good packing. I m happy with moto g4 play...very good quality and on time delivery...thanks amazon...and moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Good product from MotoIt will not disappoint youGood camera qualityGood battery lifeGood screen size and quality too2gb ram and 16gb inbulitBad thisIn this phone mediatak processor workingIt might be disappoint you ...Otherwise it's a good and under budget phoneU can go for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "I have gifted the phone to my husband on his birthday. He uses it and I must say that it's a good phone . The front camera is good but primary camera that is 8 megapixel but not so good. If u buy the mobile only for camera then I hv suggested u to not to buy it but as a phone user I must say this a budget good phone with good feature.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Jio ka sim Naha Mila mobile ke sath"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Good phone at a given price.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "One week it is holding good ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "very very goood at this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Awesome phone no other choice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "thanks this product very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "Five star for all the aspects"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Phone was good and working as the moto phone.....but packing of the product is 3rd class.......plzz pack the box properly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "I use this phone from few days. Battery backup is average good. Nice charger with fast charging. Everything average good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "its very poor calling quality..lots of heating issue..n dont order any product in Amazone..amazine poor custoumer support"                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Heating is the main demerit of this mobile. Else, it is good.  Lets hope, heating shouldn't impact other functionalities."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Good budget smartphone with very good design and build quality, 5 inch crisp and bright hd screen , 2 gb ram , snapdragon 410 quade core processer wiht snappy performance 8 mp rear and 5 mp front camera with very good picture quality and 2800 mah battery whish easily last for 1 day with moderate usage and stock android 6 on top."
 [9] "Awsm display..best sound quality..stock android...no bloatwares...snapdrogon 410 is doing its job very well on this device..i can play every game without any lag..and it is having quick charge facility also..u can charge ur phone for 5 hours with in 15 min....i luv this device..battry backup is also very nice..just go for it..." 
[10] "I am using this phone from 3 months and there is no problem with this.But it does not get android 7 update so far."                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Mobile is so nice but still I didn't receive power bank and sorted 15 GB data as you told"
 [2] "Awsome features. Camera is great. Both front and rear. Using VoLTE service. Working fine."
 [3] "The speaker was not working with in two months. Frequently mobile screen is not working." 
 [4] "good product in this price category...must buy for persons ...who dont love the mi brand" 
 [5] "Worst phones by Motorola. Not user friendly. Weak battery. Need lot of upgradation Moto." 
 [6] "Very nice phone ,i am happy to buy this mobile thanks amazon to give offer for this item" 
 [7] "Very bad and I return the product but I don't have no.So request you to pls return"       
 [8] "All good except for some heating issue. It gets hot sometimes with normal usage as well." 
 [9] "Perfect. only one issue that is album is slow. it takes a lot of time to check pictures." 
[10] "No issue till date. High performance , affordable price, excellent camera, good battery." 
 [1] "I ordered Black .. .Not white . . .Phone is working perfect. . No glitches or struck even after downloading many games"
 [2] "Good phone not having single issue with the phone.Still waiting for free zook power bank coupon code from vendor"      
 [3] "Awesome fone for this price.  Frnt cam and back cam are really Gud.low weight.. Looking smart great delivery by amazon"
 [4] "Power pack back up !Stunning performance in games really amazing #Moto G Play !Glad to own that via Amazon"            
 [5] "Item delivered in good condition and the phone is worth for the price.But no information or no special offer is given."
 [6] "Don't buy this phone it is slow mi3s is better with less price specification"                                          
 [7] "Product worth of what I paid"                                                                                          
 [8] "Nice phone.good budget phone"                                                                                          
 [9] "Great paisa vasool phone...."                                                                                          
[10] "EXCELLENT PHONE @ THIS PRICE"                                                                                          
 [1] "Don't buy chinnies mibile otherwise u will have to face Motherboard problem in 4 months"
 [2] "Beautiful and sturdy phone....Hardware is reliable....Photos are superb...."            
 [3] "Satisfied with product quality and amazing superfast delivery by Amazon within 24 hrs ."
 [4] "Media volume is low, Picture clarity is not too good, screen flickering. Not convinced."
 [5] "Got a faulty product, stopped working completly after 2 hrs of use, I am disappointed." 
 [6] "good service by amazon & moto phone also good satisfied by me manjunath from ynk blore" 
 [7] "I gifted this to my mom and she just loved it. Very user friendly and fast processing." 
 [8] "best phone of motorola. best service by amazon with low price. battary backup.  thanks" 
 [9] "Best Deal during Diwali sale.. my dad loves it.. its was too handy for JIO sim too :-)" 
[10] "The phone is good for simple usage...I like the touch and is definitely up to the mark" 
 [1] "It's a decent phone... But it'sNeed some more battery life like moto e3 power..."      
 [2] "This product good but with free itam  of power bank not meet only Mobil phone delivery"
 [3] "'''' '''''' ''' ''But power bank ''' '''' '''' '' free '' '''''' '' ''' ''"            
 [4] "Free power bank for moto g4 play  is not received"                                     
 [5] "Bad heating and hangging within two days of using"                                     
 [6] "I didn't receive payback cash 1000 eventhough I received phone. Feeling bad about it." 
 [7] "Meets the expectation and works as described. Camera is good with bright flash light." 
 [8] "My mobiles having blinking prob. during talking several times & having heating prob."  
 [9] "Awesome mob, with good specifications.Sounds, display, battery back up is good."       
[10] "I gifted this to my sister...Extremely happy with the device.Battery last really long" 
 [1] "It's worth to by that price"                                                                                       
 [2] "Good Phone, value for money"                                                                                       
 [3] "Nice budget phone from moto"                                                                                       
 [4] "This mobile has not good battery performance , processing ,and also heats up during charge  ...don't purchase it ."
 [5] "I purchase this phone but now phone not update in Naought Android and I have no receive notification system upDatE"
 [6] "I bought this Mobile for my mother and she just loved it. Mobiles features are very good, battery power is superb."
 [7] "nice phone within the budget range but should have been slightly better"                                           
 [8] "As a budget phone its very good. After using 4 month it has no problem. And its going to update android 7 nougat." 
 [9] "If u r thinking of an excellent, sub 10k phone... Then dont hesitate  go for moto g play... Its an awesome device" 
[10] "Its nice stock android phone good for basic usage. Better moto phone than being bulky as used to be there before." 
 [1] "Heating issue, replacement procedure in mobiles is by an app, its useless cant return it even within week of buy."                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "Overall phone is very good but earphone is very bad I suggest Motorola company to improve better quality earphone"                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "It's a good phone - performance is pretty good and display is very sharp... Over all very nice phone in mid range"                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Call audio quality is low... Phone gets heated ... Speakers are bad .."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Amazon gave me used and faulty product when i asked for new one. Mentioned in description that this phone is 4G + 4G support but second slot dosent work. With dual sim phone is almost useless as sim slot get disabled automatically. Both the slot of the phone stop work at least 10-15 times a day."
 [6] "Applications are not working. While using an App, A popup box appears to exit the app.Toch is good.No Over Heating Problems.Only Speaker is the main disadvantage of Moto G4 Play.Non-reliable SD card operations.Excellent 4G network connectivity.Worth of price."                                     
 [7] "Big fan of moto...Best class mobile for 8k.. nice front and rear camera..2gb ram nice pixel density...go ahead.."                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "The phone was really awesome , I like Moto company  very much and I've been satisfied by this product of their ."                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "The phone is alright. It lags a bit from time to time. The rest is all decent, nothing great to write home about"                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Camera showing restart camera error n sd card always getting un mounted /removed not showing if it's in slot too"                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "The mobile was delivered very safely and the usage of mobile is very nice try it now"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Except the slightly low power battery, a practical and amazing phone in all respects"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Very nice battery backup nice day to night no problem camery also so good nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "The best phone in this range. Performance and look is impressive. Using from 1 week."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "dimensions mentioned are - 11.4 x 0.9 x 7.2 cm and Actual dimensions - 144x72x9.9 mm"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Headset not working... one side only working..Very disappointing with headset."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Amazon service is goodBut moto service very ...........worstRecently I purchased moto e3 power unfortunately that device has a charging point prblm for that purpose I consult one of the service in bhimavaram andhra Pradesh  but for solving that prblm they wl take 45 days, and I am suffering so much by consulting call centre somany times and service center alsoThat's the reason say like service is very........ Worst thank you"
 [8] "Moto G4 play s amazing & excellent cameraso happy & enthusiast while using each time. but if I insert pendrive,, & when i explore photos n videos.. As when I opt  video,it is showing It is  that it \"Supports only Local files\".. don't know what to do..Is there any Manual settings...Please help me"                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Too much Heating while charging and slow performance if you are open multiple apps."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "I purchase motog play  with free bank power but  I want that when a send promo code"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Excellent phone 5 stars 👍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Good phone for the money''"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Good one in terms of speed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Phone is working well but the only issue is the in-call volume. I can't hear the person's voice when I'm outside the room or in noisy surroundings. Similarly other person can't hear you clearly. I wanted to know is this happening on my phone only or anyone else has noticed this problem?"
 [5] "Good camera, good body metal but no fingure sensor, battery may be more powerfull,screen like good if 5.5 inch"                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "This phone fulfilled my expectation... probably it was far my expectation....great product...I really loved it"                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Smartphone...on this price range is awesome...I need it again...I have just ordered another one for my mom...."                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Not meet the expectations.Automatically go call or message / other apps.all apps only get by downloading only."                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Received it in two days ,packing,delivery& product functioning is good but charger pin is not fitting to phone"                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "The phone i received had some small scratches on the edges and i was a lil disappointed with it.The phone gets heated up a little quickly and also the camera isn't that great.However, performance wise, it is a good phone with pure android experience at an good price."                    
 [1] "Battery heats up very quickly, and once fully charged it does not even last 1 day."                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Excellent phone. Excellent quality and features. Pleasure to use.Totally worth it."                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Nice build quality..Battery backup is above average.Decent camera at this price point.Overall it is a good buy at this price point"                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Ordered the phone on 25th Sep and received it couple if days later. Worked fine for 1 week. Now all sorts of issues such as the caller cannot hear my voice. Network drops suddenly. Mobile data status shows connected when it's disconnected. Extremely disappointed with the purchase"
 [5] "Great phone from Moro for this price but the Lenovo start screen pisses me off..."                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Early delivery than committed. Very happy with the product. What about cash back."                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Not received Power Bank for the promotion offer. Please update me when do we get."                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Nice phone in this range, no any issues. Thanks amazon for fast on time delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "In the post it is said power bank is free but during delivery only phone is delivered power bank not given. Cheating customers."                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Value for money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Very nice Mobile"                                                                
 [2] "Nice mobile....I"                                                                
 [3] "Beautiful looks,"                                                                
 [4] "Good performance"                                                                
 [5] "More features must be included in this price compared to other brands like Redmi"
 [6] "The phones get very warm.its only a month old phone.using any video calling etc."
 [7] "Good budget phone however camera could have been better... Still a good purchase"
 [8] "A Worst phone. From day one itself it is getting too heat. Don't buy this phone."
 [9] "Got faulty product..After using half an hour, every app showing 2 times or more."
[10] "Product reached earlier from expected date of delivery dateGenuine product"      
 [1] "Mobile was good...amazon delivery very fast and clear.mobile battery power good."
 [2] "It is good mobile looks good and also working nicely I am happy to purchase this"
 [3] "Nice sleek phone with good camera. Perhaps, one of the best in this price range."
 [4] "Very good. Its is slim and looks very stylish. The display quality is very good."
 [5] "Simply fantastic. Not a word to express my gratitude to amazon for this product."
 [6] "Ok but I get my delivery after 2 day from the scheduled arrival date from Amazon"
 [7] "Nice product. Good camera. More features needed. Nice speakers. Value for money."
 [8] "Excellent working except heating problem. It heats while calling or surfing net."
 [9] "I lov Motorola phone took last yr from Amazon..nice quality..wish to win new now"
[10] "Awesome phone...camera is good and speed of the phone in 4g network excellent..."
 [1] "It's getting camera problem means  when captured picture that time it's showing please restart your camera"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "This product disappointed me because this mobile handset written as pure of Motorola company but it was found this product is not original Motorola ,instead it is combination of lenova and Motorola ,also this mobile handset is without gallary which is compulsory present in all handset.one more major problem is that how I can claim one year warranty of handset I.e. either from Motorola or Lenova"
 [3] "The Moto g play, 4th gen is excellent in quality value for money. But, the battery is not up to the mark."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Vanilla android, good build quality and doesn't lag. Perfect entry level smartphone for the average user."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Very style n slim design, awesome performance i recommended to some more friends also.1 in budget phones."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "The yatra code availed with this product is  shown as invalid. Kindly correct the mistaje from your side."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Charger stopped working with in 20 days. No option to replace it or get it repaired on item details page."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Good overall performance, good camera, no issues with other specifications. Fingerprint sensor not there."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "its very good.. processor also very good and i get my coupon for powerbank... happy to get it from amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Call drops. Sim not getting recognized. Product given for service under warranty. Let's see what happens."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "So far so good. I particularly like the touchscreen accesibility. Its perfect."
 [2] "O radiation is too high if u use internet. I advise not to prefer this product"
 [3] "Initially video was not playing smoothly.b ut after software update it's Good."
 [4] "This Mobile is good and worth for money.As no question on Google things."      
 [5] "It was for my mom and she loved it!! Thanks to amazon for its on time delivery"
 [6] "set is good but battery backup is really bad. so just think this before buying"
 [7] "Not working within a month time .this is used as standby one for the other one"
 [8] "In my g4 play first the rapid charger worked but after 1 week it's not working"
 [9] "Had heard a lot from others on the G4 & this phone too meets the expectations."
[10] "Heating problem and also network problem, losses network very frequently......"
 [1] "Product looks good and handy,Smooth touch, facing intermittent network issues."
 [2] "Awesome phoneCamera is the bestAnd much better than Moto E3 power"             
 [3] "Awesome mobile phone,  i was prime customer but it's took 1 week to delivery." 
 [4] "Good mobile except mobile streaming by this phone , it pauses while streaming" 
 [5] "Awesome phone with lots of good features for reasonable amount.........👍👍👌"    
 [6] "Timely delivery...Good budget product from moto...As expected ..."             
 [7] "looks good and performance is super... i am fully satisfied with this product" 
 [8] "Phone is getting hanged at time of disconnecting the call. It is just 40days." 
 [9] "AN AWESOME PHONEWONDERFUL CAMERASUPERB BATTERYCLASSY LLOOOK"                   
[10] "Best phone to buy under 9K. Latest Android version with great battery backup." 
 [1] "Satisfied.Upto the mark uptill today.No problem.All is Well."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "As the name suggest Moto g 4 play but one thing I can assure you that this mobile is not for playing games. I played asphalt on this for fifteen minutes and battery went from 96 to 44.It also includes rapid charger for faster charging but battery depletion is even faster than rapid charging.Without doing anything on mobile before sleeping I charged it fully around 11 pm and when I woke up in the morning around 6am to my surprise more than 40% battery was used with all apps closed and brightness level at minimum.Hats off Moto for such a lovely product.Now I came to know why Lenovo bought you."                                               
 [3] "Price range of 9000 give equal specs as Redmi note 3. Looks similar to Moto g4. Good screen resolution with 224 ppi. With glance view loved it. Good 5mp camera. Loud enough speakers. Audio experience in headphone are poor. And poor bulid quality. Good screen resistant screen. For protection Moto play a good job. Small 2800 mah battery with rapid charger and become hit several time. Both support jio volte supports. Otg is also supported. Heavier application like Facebook slower the phone. Hd screen and powerful processor which drain battery. Recommended to those for jio users and for stock Android lovers. Ideal phone for this price range."
 [4] "This phone has all the functionalities of a standard smartphone and works well. The battery lasts long."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Five stars if Camera could have been more better.Else good phone in 9k range and that to Motorola"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "No problem till date; working well. Battery remains throughout the day - a great advantage in journeys."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Awesome product. If you're looking for quality durable product. Go for it. Don't expect great features."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "It should have Moto Voice feature. Excellent display, good that's it is light weight, but should have 16 MP camera cause it's MOTO G4 PLAY, definitely the name itself suggest it has excellent  media support..... Like the Moto X Play has 21 MP camera ......."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Very bad experience.. I ordered this product and i got delivery late night @11:30pm also i didnt get any free power bank with this product which mentioned in this product and i heard i will be get cash back by January 2017. Its looks like marketing strategy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Mobile heating issues after 15 says usage and headphones are of low quality. Otherwise mobile is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "It is nice phone in this budget. Phone works very smooth. Thanq for amazon for their quality products."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Amazing delivery.. N the phone is working fine. One of the bestbudget phones in the market at present!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Yeah...but the free powebank in it was not there and also there is no information given regarding that"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "product was really very good ..this was my first moto device ...loved the device with all the features"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Best build quility ,sturdy,disply is nice and vibrant,overall satisfied.courier fasility is also best."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Do not buy this phone. It sports snapdrahon 410 chipset which is currently obsolete and outdated. This phone lags a lot and can not handle processing intensive tasks efficiently. I regret buying this one. I had even called and written to Amazon inpteen number of time to return it as I was not happy with my purchase but it all fell on deaf ears and they did nothing. I regret buying this phone. You can instead buy Xiaomi redmi 3s or 3s prime, it would be a much better purchase as compared to this one for sure."
 [7] "Awesome service and phone but still waiting for cashback.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Good but mujhe power bank free nhi mil mai kya kru tell me"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Light Weight ,Good phone in this price. I got it in 7999 ,When you use headphones in public area/market sound is very low.Speed is good ..3 months and still no hanging problem. Camera is nice. If you are not considering sound/music imp. go for this ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Moto g4 play is more than my expectations.It's superb,thanks amazon for providing me as sooner."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Trusted product"                                                            
 [2] "It is fantastic"                                                            
 [3] "motorola <3"                                                                
 [4] "Not good. It gets hot so early. and discharge the battery in every 2 hours."
 [5] "Moto e3 power is better than g4 play in camera and performance and at price"
 [6] "I just live it. It's cool ando upo th mark. Worth the price. Runs smoothly."
 [7] "Mobile is good in this budget.. let's see how it works after 5 to 6 months."
 [8] "Excellent... Received the pack with in 2 days... Moto is awesome asusual 😎" 
 [9] "Awesome phone....Working smoothly..No heating problems a great budget phone"
[10] "Battery charging fast so good charging and good phon camera quality to good"
 [1] "Phone is awesome at this price point and should not go for redmi or any other brand this is the best"                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "No powerbank received plus the delivery of the parcel took quite sometime which was not appreciated."                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Excellent Battery Life and Front Camera. Back Camera could have been better but for normal use it is sufficient. Scaled Down version of recent Moto G4 and G4 Plus in terms of processor and RAM...But at 9k I think this is better than competition."
 [4] "Good smartphone overall"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "What about my chaseback"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Very nice budget mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Best in the price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Great phone loved it 💓"                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Phone is Good. But amazon customer service is pathetic ."                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "This was my first ever phone which I purchased from Amazon. After using a month. Phone is heating up while charging, talking, and jack is not working anymore. It was first phone of Motorola and such kind of product i'll rcv. I never expected."   
 [1] "when we use the phone with dual sims its creating network, speaker problem"
 [2] "Good product and very nice Mobile according to price. Better quality also."
 [3] "Best phone by Motorola... very snapy operating system like nexus phones..."
 [4] "Heats up while charging. Display not that bright. Otherwise performs fine."
 [5] "Totally satisfied..no issues..need not Ve second thought..just go for it.."
 [6] "Awesome phone...hope the post purchase service is also good from Motorola" 
 [7] "Very good product for reasonable budget. Loved the performance till now.." 
 [8] "Great phone for such a cheap price.Battery back up is good as well."       
 [9] "It is a good phone and it comes under buget it is a simple and nice phone" 
[10] "Very happy with nice cellphone with the quick delivery of the product. :)" 
 [1] "Very good product. Crystal clear sound quality and decent camera too. Stock android is quite fast."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Good product no heating issue no sticking battery also v good like to have this product feel happy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Nice mobile. I was use this mobile last 2 months but no hagging issues and camara quality is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Camera is a big letdown. Battery backup is satisfactory but heats up while charging. Rest is fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Amazing phone. Features are fantastic and very much slim. Screen camera and everything is awesome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "Great phone. Easily lasts more than a day. Only phone out there in this price range that supports 4g bands used outside India.Worth buy for someone looking to buy a phone to be used not just in India but rest of the world as well."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "All things Are good but the battery had some issues like After getting charged to 100% it discharges fastly even not using the phone and Reduces upto 3% even Without using in just 10 Minutes of standby …i m thinking about to replace it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Nice build quality..Battery backup is above average.Decent camera at this price point.Overall it is a good buy at this price point"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Awesome... to those who are moderate gamers/user..Good Things :-1. Battery Life... Awsome2. Fluid Performance!! NO lags!!3. Good Camera(both)4. Stock Android Experience!!....WOW5. Water Repellent!!6. No Heating issues... COOL!!7. Rapid Charger!! Take 1hr10min (approx) to full charge.8. Scratch Resistance Display upto 5H/4HBad Things :-1. Not for heavy gaming2. Frame drops on heavy games like NOVA 3Best for gifting!!....MOM & DAD..bcoz..easy to use & good battery life...!!"
[10] "For 9 K it's great. Has removable battery & welcome screen displays Lenovo as new maker/owner"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Kain ye pagal hai Jo redmi kind jhad maar raha hai mein uski maar loonga"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "I love this phone and recommend to buy this all of u guys...🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "All are good except the packing, which was open at the time of delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Battery getung drainig very much, camera quality poor lenvo vive note k5"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Battry backup is nill but perfomance is goodPhone is best in price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Very nice I like it very much camera is also good features are also nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Nice looking phone .. all day battery life.. Jio 4g is working perfectly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "I haven't received BMS,yatra coupons as mentioned in promotional offer.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "To whoever thinking that it is inferior to e3 , it is not. Performance wise u can't ask more than this for 9k(better than e3 due to chipset)and the battery is awesome.i am a heavy user still it manages to stay on for a whole day and the charging time is around 75 mins which also is a damn good feature.even the front cam is too good but it is not for those who buy a smartphone for taking pictures in the first place. Other than that it is a beast''"
[10] "I got the mobile next day after ordering with good condition. Product is worth for money.PronsVery fastCamera clarity is goodConsHeats up when you use internet"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Phone dropped off from hand and screen shattered.No use of Corning Gorilla glass. Better to avoid this phone as paying a premium for increased protection does not seems to have gone right. Will moto listen, as they will not offer a free screen replacement for accidental damage.I WAD BILLED ₹6000 FOR SCREEN REPLACEMENT AT MOTO SERVICE CENTER. SOUNDS ABSURD."
 [2] "All of sudden the phone gets stuck and speakers doesn't work and for thirty minutes I have to switch it on and off..Not even 15 over its starts giving me trouble. I want to return the product.. I think it's defective piece you have sent across...I don't have that many applications too..I hardly use my phone.."                                                
 [3] "The specs some what mislead and are confusing....don't know if at one point of time 2 Sims and a memory card could be used together...more over Motorola support team seem to be in real hurry..."                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Didn't get the power bank .how to get?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "5Star product. Bought it for my mom and she is elated to say the least."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Jio VoLTE, quick stock Android and light weight than 190 gm iphone plus"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Not send my invoice to my email  id  and product was very nice and good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "getting heated fast and not so user friendly as the black moto g4 play."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Excellent value for money product. Better than those twice as expensive"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "I gifted the product to my sis ... she was excited to have the same ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "On 3rd day after delivery increased the brightness after which display flickered and went off :("                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Superb phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "My main reason for buying this was stock Android and Moto brand( as I was already using 1st gen). Well it's a good mobile with decent performance.Pros:1. Rapid charger which charges ur mobile real quick. As I observed the charging status it was 17% in 15 minutes and 70% in 1 hour and 100% in 1 hour and 50 minutes (mobile kept switched off from 0 to 100%)2. Mobile doesn't lag anywhere. Tried it with playing games as well as every other tasks.3. Even it has only 1 speaker but the clarity is very crisp and clear.4.No heating issues even with continuous usage.Cons:1.Camera could have been much much better. Though it takes decent pics but auto focus takes too much time also the basic camera app misses many features.2. Phone doesn't feel comfortable in hand. The back finish could have been better.3.There is no video calling option in the dialer even with Jio( not sure if this phone supports video calling or not. Will update once I am confirmed)4. Haven't received the Android 7 update yet though it was scheduled for December.Hope it will help in ur decision making.Thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Bought it to gift someone who doesn't own smartphone. First purchase on 12th February paid extra money to get it on 14th, after using it flund that while receiving incoming calls none of the sides are able to hear voice. Asked for a return.Today i got delivered requested return phone. On setting up phone ,heated up like anything , could have use for hot bag.Slow laggy performance ,took almost half an hour to setup the phone .Power turn off took 15 mins.While receiving incoming calls from jio reliance, calls are getting diverted to some other people!!!! .want money back. Using moto phone.but this is pathetic. Bad part is have gifted it and due to these issues that person is not having any mobile since last one week (made him to sell moto E2) was having hopes on this mobile. Too embarrassing experience for choosing this one. It won't be Amazon fault, but atleast seller should not send defective pieces.We don't have black money so if you think we won't regret for spending this amount. So please value your customer . Its not small amount to lose.it is worth of 8,999.  :("                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "2 DAYS OLD PHONE - READ IT IF YOU WILLING TO BUY THIS ... I M SHARING IT COZ I WANTED SOMEONE TO TELL ME ALL THISPhone is motorola so you know the Build quality and the near stock android is the best stuff.Looks premium & feels premium (Especially in Black coz it won't look dirty and all unlike White ones)Display and touch is smooth ... no lags .. no shutter and no distortion.Charging is quick with the original chargerNo heating issues except the first time I charged it (the area around the speaker was a bit warm but not after that)Apps and all can be quickly installedHeadphones are standard MOTO ones - the fitting in not great though the sound is good ( I like the IN THE EAR ONES)Runs Marshmallow out of the box ... hope it gets the NOUGAT UPDATE SOONSpeaker quality & the earpiece (on call) is good. Loud & Clear. It beats other phones here. You will be able to hear the other person loud enough even in crowded or loud areasTHIS IS ALL FOR NOW - WILL SEE IF I CAN UPDATE MY REVIEW AFTER A WEEK OR SO"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Before i start let me tell you that i really hate brands like Xiaomi, Coolpad, Oppo etc.Not that there is anything wrong with them, it's just a matter of personal opinion.In comparison with the Redmi 3S prime and similary priced phones , the G4 play is on the lower end of the specs sheet.But that certainly does not mean it is less efficient or productive in any way.As a matter of fact, the stock Android and brilliant optimisation makes up for it.I have been using this phone for over a month now and these are the pros and cons :Pros:1.Amazing battery life.on paper 2800 mAH might not seem to be big, but the screen size, resolution and software tweaks/doze mode increases the battery life to a very good extent.2.The screen is pretty good for this price range.The viewing angles are good, colour reproduction is good and the 293 ppi is apt for a 5 inch screen.(1080p would have drained battery faster, been more tasking on the processor and is really an overkill for a 5 inch display)3.Camera: This is one of the best camera I've seen in a phone in the below 10K price range.The daylight photos are amazing.But the night-time photos are a bit grainy, but that can be fixed with filters and a bit editing.The front Camera too does not fail to impress.4.Software updates is the main reason i chose this phone over the e3 power as this will be getting the Nougat 7.0 update in December.5.Fast charging : This goes from 10-60 in about 30mins , and it takes another 45 mins to reach 100.Most of us really need only  60% for everyday use, so that shouldn't be a problem.Also Doze mode is very good at minimising power usage while the phone is not in use.Heavy users can charge it early in the morning in case they need the 100%.Cons:1.The processor: the Adreno 410 is a famous processor , well known for being in almost all budget phones since 2013 ,But this is 2016 . The processor is a bit outdated and the gpu can handle most games expect for very intensive games like Nova 3.But come on, for 8999 you can't expect to see an Adreno 617 or an 800 :).Yet again people might say similarly priced Redmi 3S prime has better specs, but guess what, their UI is crap and their hardware isn't well optimised.At the end of the day, it is your opinion, playing a bit intensive game, or having a smooth experience.Don't get me wrong here, apart from stuttering while running intensive games, there is nothing else it complain about it.Normal to medium- heavy ish games run real fine and daily usage/multitasking happens without a hiccup.2.Heating is an unavoidable factor but i still wished they looked into this a little.The phone heats when playing continuously or while charging (Fast charger, duh!)3.Bezel: I just wish that the screen to body ratio would have  been increased a little bit in this as the bottom looks a bit bare without the fingerprint.4.No fingerprint sensor: Yes , most phones in this  range have one, but the price is low so i think it is justified.5.No gyroscope: for people who don't need this, this should been be a problem, but some moto actions like chop twice for flashlight and some games might need it.Note that Pokémon go requires a gyroscope for AR, but if it's turned off, the app will work just fine.Extra Points:The moto G4 Play gets extra marks for making the battery removable and for incorporting the moto display feature into this.It also is splash resistant, not waterproof.( Isn't a major issue, even it's big brother the G4 plus and the 35K moto Z lack waterproofing)Also for clarification, even though its not mentioned anywhere, just like the moto G4 and G4 plus , the G4 play also has Gorilla Glass 3.Verdict: For Medium - heavy users on a tight budget, or as a secondary phone or as a temporary replacement,the Moto G4 Play is the best phone in the market right now.My Rating : 8.9/10"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "I read all reviews in Amazon site, some people gave negative review , I think that negative review is totally false and that negative review for increase hype for other brand mobiles.amazing mobile, one sim 4g volte and another sim slot 4g lte, 2gb ram , 16 gb internal, separate sd card slot I inserted 32 gb sd card class 10.Turbo charger , charging completed in 1 hour from 12 percent to 100 percent. And no heating issue ,temperature of this mobile is 32 degree centigrade, in charging it is 36 degree ( slightly heating display while charging only)After lot of search I placed this order, now I am fully satisfied.Fully handy mobile, I noticed one thing other brand phones are gave 13 mp camera , but this had 8 mpixel phone. Image clarity is awesome compared to 13 mpix other brand mobiles.OS is stock Android 6.0.1.Customer service people of both Amazon and Motorola customer are very very smooth ,nice and cool response.Finally thank to SBI for 15 percent cashback and great thanks to green mobiles who is Amazon fulfilled seller."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "HELLOThe Moto G4 Play and Moto E3 Power are currently the best offerings by the Lenovo owned Motorola. If you're not really a fan of Chinese deviceslike Redmi, Coolpad, Meizu or OnePlus, Motorola devices have really proven themselves to be quite long lasting companions.Now, within the budget segment of 10K, we've these 2 phones and without much delay I would like to review how both these phones fair against each other.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Build Quality:->-----------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the extra grill.The back of E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Screen & Display:->------------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has Moto Display and One Handed Mode, the E3 Power doesn't have them.Performance:->-----------------------The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Storage:->---------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play come with 16GB of Internal Storage. You get upto 11GB free on E3 Power while around 10.5GB on the G4 Play. Both the phones support USB OTG.Expandable Storage:E3 Power: 32GB via MicroSD CardG4 Play: 128GB via MicroSD CardCamera:->----------------Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery:->---------------While the E3 Power comes with a 3600maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 3.5 hours to 4 hours to fully charge the device.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.4G Network & Jio:->-------------------------------Both Moto E3 Power and G4 Play support VoLTE (Band 40) and can be used with a Reliance Jio Sim Welcome Offer. Yes, you can dial numbers from Stock Dialer without connecting to Mobile Data. Bear in mind that the phones reach upto a temperature of 40.C when continuously on 4G.Battery Life on 4G:->-------------------------------With continuous 4G usage, the E3 Power can last for 6 to 7 hours while the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours.Software & OS:->--------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play with 14 other devices will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion->--------------------The E3 Power proves to be the obvious choice if you want a device that performs better on battery life as well as the Camera. The E3 Power is available every Monday via Flash sales on Flipkart for Rs 7999.The G4 Play although has a smaller battery is a better performer with the powerful CPU and higher capacity for storage via MicroSD Card. The G4 Play will also get the Nougat Update.If you're not into heavy usage and Android Updates, the E3 Power should be your choice.PLEASE LIKE MY REVIEW"
 [9] "Motorola Moto G4 Play smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch.The Motorola Moto G4 Play is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto G4 Play packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.The Motorola Moto G4 Play runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 2800mAh non removable battery. It measures 144.40 x 72.00 x 9.90 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 137.00 grams.The Motorola Moto G4 Play is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts two Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G, 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, and Gyroscope."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Was actually confused b/w Moto E3 power and Moto G4 play. I am quite happy that I chose this one.Bought this one as a backup phone to my Nexus 6P and to activate my Jio sim with VoLTEPros:Bloody light weight-cant even feel its there in pocketDisplay - 720p over 5' is a much respectable dealBattery life -  dont go on the 2800mah figure - it will give you fantastic battery even on 4g LTE through out the day. Lasted me over 4 days on light, 2.5 -3 on medium and over 1 day on regular useWater repellent - always good to haveVoLTE - Welcome to JIO folks. No need of any apps for calling. Pick up and dialCharging time - pretty fast I would say. TBH i didnt check time but looks pretty fineDurability - pretty good with that light weight and added a tempered glass screen protector. I take it with me to gym for workout and I dont have to take extra care of it.Video Camera -  1080p video recording. Thats a win at this price!Selfie Camere - Meets above expectation !Nougat - This one is getting Android 7.0 Nougat in the coming months with in year end as promised my Motorola/LenovoCould have been better: (seriously nitpicking)Speaker volume - dont get me wrong, its ample for incoming call ringtone and alerts - little lacking on media consumption with mediaStill Camera Rear - Descent - \"Okay\"ish - serves the purpose. Dynamic range is off (I know I am bitching here)Under Amazon Prime got the product delivered the very next day - even when the weather was pretty darn screwed up here in Pune!Over all a great buy! Happy :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Product is ok. Have not received the power bank and reliance GIO offer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Phone heats during standby even after trying so many tips on youtube. Battery drain also occurs during standby. Having such an awful time trying to return this, they call center transfers your call to a supposed Moto department and the waiting time is bad, nobody picks up. Just give me my money back! Sad phone, looks so good though. I would gladly attach the screenshot of my battery app to prove my point, but this phone wont even let me access it through pc. Cant access the file system with pc through USB."
 [3] "Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black) Amazing product. One of the best gadget in this range. Making the order on Amazon website was smooth & time taken for delivery was just superb. Thank you Amazon.Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Nyc fon ....👍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Moto any day!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "good product ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Good as always"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Nice product.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "It's a very good phone...with all the latest features.One problem is that of back cover of the phone.The back cover had too many locking points which makes it vulnerable to break."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Awsome phone ..i love moto .not hangging issue. camera quality so good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Its really nice... If the screen size is slight big it will more nicer"
 [2] "1 day delivery with prime (within 21 hours)Product as specified."      
 [3] "It is best buy in first timeNo problem in phone.Good work."            
 [4] "Its good smartphone for budget under 10000And light weight phone"      
 [5] "This phone is awesome... great speaker sound great deal at this price."
 [6] "great phone no doubt with good configuration must buy with this seller"
 [7] "Best mobile in budget.....I am using last 10 days very good experience"
 [8] "Funtestic product....I buy this for my sis and she extermly likes this"
 [9] "futhers are good, and nice looking phone.. it is very good product...."
[10] "Nice mobile from Motorola in low cost.Worthy to buy from Amazon."      
 [1] "I am not received our free itme on power bank .Please provide the asap"                                                                                              
 [2] "SUPER MOBILE WITH DUAL SIM 4G , VERY NICE MOBILE , LOOKING ALSO GOOD ."                                                                                              
 [3] "Mobile performance is good when compared with same price range mobiles"                                                                                              
 [4] "I bought this phone for 4 reasons and I'm happy about it1. dedicated expandable memory2. pure Android experience3. moto brand value and build quality4. fast charger"
 [5] "is the phone have 2 sim card slots and one memory card slots to enter"                                                                                               
 [6] "Item is good, but no cashback recieved.Irresponsible behaviour."                                                                                                     
 [7] "Good phone, only in low light rear camera picture quality is not bad."                                                                                               
 [8] "I've bought 2 moto G play in a 1 months gap, great feel touch finish."                                                                                               
 [9] "This mobile looks good to me. Performance also too good for the price"                                                                                               
[10] "Overall performance is good phone.are u looking for budget it's worth"                                                                                               
 [1] "I am use moto g play 4th gen since 15 days. I face heating problems.."                                                                                                                 
 [2] "good phone its working so nice even battery back up also very good .."                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Heating issues with device when both Sims used rest Moto works great."                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Very gud phone for its price...I chose tis phone over moto e3 power.."                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Got delivered in just one day. Performance is awesome ... Loved it 🙌"                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Excellent but poor camara performance  in darkAbsence  of light"                                                                                                                       
 [7] "No.power bank nothing it's just fake"                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "good product , received before time."                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Needed a phone for work. for the price, it is a killer phone. Calls messages, whatsapp, maps, emails, calendars all work without lag or freezing. Battery life good ! Very Impressive!"
[10] "AWESOME PHONE AT CHEAP COSTMY PRIVILEGE TO PURCHASE AT AMAZON."                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Awesome phone I bought it for my dad and he is loving it and it is going to get Nougat too!!"                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Product is very Good. But, There are  limitation. But At this Price it is a very good phone."                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Product is really good. Good battery backup and no heating issue so far. Amazon courier service is bad I got the phone at 9pm but 1hr before I got msg that product successfully delivered. No idea what's happening."
 [4] "Great product.prompt delivery.Satisfied overall."                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Standard mid range specs. I found the one-hand operation feature very useful. No bloatware."                                                                                                                          
 [6] "Camera quality somewhat lower than Mi4i, but overall at this price excellent phone by moto."                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Good mobile but after weak charging problem battery could not be able to use for whole day"                                                                                                                           
 [8] "I have used this phone from a month and i have never seen any problem with my moto g4 play."                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Nice phone, Good delivery from Amazon.  Did not get any offers that was promised till date."                                                                                                                          
[10] "Was using Xiaomi Mi5 earlier, which got damaged in rain. Got Moto g4 play. I find it light in weight, looks nice, fast and good camera plus pure Android experience. Everything is nicely bundled. Just go for it."   
 [1] "i bought this phone from amazon.in and the volume increases automatically when calls are received and made. even after setting the volume to low, the volume increases automaticaly. I had to return this phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Nice phone but charger lead is thin as compare to moto e3 otherwise phone is superb duperb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "It was good but customer service confirmation and real life scenario was totally different"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Very good product...........camera quality n sound was superb I am happy with this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Using for more than a month no hanging nor any issues great mobile at best buy from Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Moto g4 play good phone working goodAmazon delivery in timeAmazon is very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "In my phone speaker is not proper working.. refund/replacement is very difficult in Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "This phone is good but some heating problem in this phone during using long time internet."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Product is gud.. But I didn't get 10000Mah power bank .. Wen I will get tat free product.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Looks like a great phone. The phone ine is not water proof but its water repellent that should be kept in mind.The camera resolution look decent but a 13 mp rear camera would have been better.Can't expect great performance due to a lower chipset but it should be a nice device for day to day usage depending on one's usage. If you are a gamer then this would not satisfy your needs.There is no fingerprint sensor so that's a negative aspect.You would get the latest updates on this one as it's a moto phone so that's a plus point.The stock android doesn't put that much load on processor and doesn't eat up ram so multitasking should be great.All in all if you don't qant to buy chinese brands and want some reliable phone then you can buy this phone.Some other options for this phone would be redmi 3s prime and asus zenfone max as they are also nice handsets in this range"
 [1] "Good 4g phone"                                                     
 [2] "its fantastic"                                                     
 [3] "The phone is awesome a budget phone for buying at lower price 9000"
 [4] "great experience..camera is also great..moto rocks...."            
 [5] "Excellent smartphone considering its price ! Completely satisfied."
 [6] "As always amazon delivers on time and as promised. a Big THUMBS UP"
 [7] "I bought this phone for my mother and she is loving the experience"
 [8] "Not Working Properly. microphone not working. no out going voice ."
 [9] "Not much satisfied with this product.it is strucking up many times"
[10] "Nice phone by Motorola... It's a good phone on affordable rates..."
 [1] "Mobile is so nice but still I didn't receive power bank and sorted 15 GB data as you told"                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Awsome features. Camera is great. Both front and rear. Using VoLTE service. Working fine."                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "0 stars,damage piece"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "nice phone by amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "value for money!!!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "This phone has lots of problems When we call or receive the calls loud speakers gets on automatically , Phone gets Hangs , When Hands free is connected we are unable to musicI request you for replacement of this set at earliest."
 [7] "Very nice phone ,i am happy to buy this mobile thanks amazon to give offer for this item"                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Very bad and I return the product but I don't have no.So request you to pls return"                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "All good except for some heating issue. It gets hot sometimes with normal usage as well."                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Perfect. only one issue that is album is slow. it takes a lot of time to check pictures."                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "No issue till date. High performance , affordable price, excellent camera, good battery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Very good mobile, no hang, no heating, good touch quality and sound quality during call."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Moto g4 play is superb mobile. Working nicely but service of amazon is very bad in PUNE."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "Please guys help me i have one problem in this phone.....my phone memory is showing 200 mb free....when i delete any app..still showing in memory..please guys check your ram mamery and help me fast"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "I've used many motorola Android devices so far, and I recently bought moto g play. I don't want to tell all those specification related techie things like few others do. I'm writing this as a normal person who have averge use of phone a day.This is good phone with a day long battery life. Say you leave home with the home full charged, you wont need to charge the phone untill you reach back your home.  8 to 11 hours of battery life for an average user with calling and internet.Camera is good  for average photography, both front and rear camera. Instant beautification option while taking selfie is nice.Light weigted phone. Handy. Display is good. Sound clarity is fine. Good signal reception. User storage phone memory is 11gb, good enough for an average user.Lag less operating system. Haven't faced any heating issues for normal usage.Quick charging is wonderfull. It will quick charge the phone till 60% and thereafter it reduces the speed of chaging to normal, as a safe measure for the battery life.Good choice for those who are looking for a phone in the budget category, especially for their parents and siblings."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "First of ,thanks to Amazon for delivering the product real quick.For first impression ,I would say that it looks far better than I thought.The side aluminium/metal frame looks very premium.Also the device feels very lightweight in hands.The battery here is removable ,unlike old Moto devices.I am totally satisfied with the build quality and overall finishing.A very well made product.INBOX CONTENTS:1-Handset2-Battery3-Ton of manual and user guide4-Normal old school earphones5-Fast charger and USB cable----------------------------------------------NOW COMING TO MY REVIEW-----------------------------------------------#=THE BUILD QUALITY as I said is really good, well its Motorola!.The power button and the volume control button uses metallic material with good grip.Unlike the cheep plastic ones.Power button is above the volume button ,which may not be that handy for some users.But don't worry ,you will get used to it.Anyway the buttons provide excellent feedback.The navigation buttons are on-screen type and lacks hardware keys.Display is quite bright and clear.Because its 5 inch a HD screen is enough.You would hardly notice any pixelation ,unless you look really close.#=UI AND PERFORMANCE - As usual with every moto device ,The moto G play also comes with stock android.Which is basically the selling point of moto devices. Because you get fast OS updates.Even though ,the device is shipped with Marshmallow.It will get the Nougat update real soon.It is equipped with snapdragon 410 which is quite outdated now and fits in low end category.Despite that the UI experience is very smooth in moto g play.Well I remember my old grand prime had the same chipset.At that time it use to run most of the games with ease.I installed quite a few basic games in Gplay and found it is still capable of running some decent graphics rich games.The animations were at 1X when got it,I turned it down to 0.5X using developer options and now it seems much faster and fluid.#CAMERA is Okey ,I never expected it to perform exceptional with camera because it comes with a low end sensor.But anyways it is capable of taking some decent shots which are very similar to on5 pro and better than K5 plus.The front snapper is also decent and snaps some bright selfies.Overall I think the camera is decent for the asking price.Note:Low light performance is below average.#BATTERY LIFE It comes with 2800mah battery which is quite enough because there is nothing that will consume too much battery.So i hope it will last for a full working day.After using it for one day ,I think I got more than 6 hours of On screen time because today is the first day So,I was checking out all the features.Anyway I will comment more about the battery life after 2-3 days.#NETWORK I mainly bought it to use JIO 4G ,because this phone supports true 4G.Yes you can make VoLTE calls and use 4G data.The speed it offers is really good.Totally satisfied with my purchase.Conclusion----------------This is for those people who need good battery life ,decent performance for basic day to day tasks ,good call quality and ofcourse a phone with good build quality and after sales support.The camera is enough for basic picture snapping.Overall I am really satisfied with my purchase.This phone really exceeded my expectations.Thanks I hope you like my review.If you have any further queries then feel free to comment down below.Thank you,Best Regards;Yousuf Ali Khan"
 [7] "I bought this phone on 6th sep and received it on 8th Sep 2016.Packing: Packing was really bad, but delivery was quick.Built: Phone's built is not very impressive, Slightly thicker body. The back cover is really low quality. It feels like it will melt during summer due to heat. The button shows good amount of feedback that is a good thing. Corning gorilla glass, water repellent coating make it reliable.Camera: Rear camera (8 mp LED Flash) and Front Camera (5 mp) shows very good color reproduction in low light as well as artificial lights. Negative point is that the front camera doesn't have led flash. There are editing and beautification options too. There is a secondary mic for noise cancellation.Display: 720 p hd display with CG glass. Short cut option for one handed operation available. Good viewing angles, edges are smooth and sharp. Sun readability not upto the mark.Processer : Snapdragon 410 processor at a price point of 8999 ' can be said BETTER because if we would have had 615 octa core processor it could have caused heating issues. Therefore, given processor can be said better at this price point for this phone.Android versions: Marshmallows 6.0 good system with no bloat wares is exceptionally great thing about this phone.File manager: A file manager app is given instead of a gallery. Not very impressive!In short, the gallery is summarised in file manager so that we are able to access photos, videos, word, PDF, zip files. It is good thing to get all things at one place.Sound: Sound quality is better not best with speaker as well as headphones given. You need to buy best quality head phones which is already mentioned in the offers for buyersUI: stock android UI is lag free , but RAM management is not as good as compared to Redmi 3s prime. If you open up 10-15 apps simultaneously, while switching to the first open app it starts to reload....Gaming: gaming is average, some frames drops at times while playing hd games. If you are a Gamer consider buying high end phones Better GPU with all sensors like gyro, compass and ram over 4 gb with 820 snapdragon processor.Continued....Jio sim review:I found calls being made very easily with Jio 4g sim. No need to install any voice calling app. Data connectivity is also good not better since Jio speed reduces. Calls quality is better with Jio. But other operators does not provide sufficient POI (point of interconnect) to Jio . This has been the major problem. Also to let you know that Jio calls are made through data connections it further deteriorates the situation considering the fact that other operators are not provide support to Jio.To conclude, I would say that calls are better not best using Jio. Internet quality from Jio would be rated as 3½ stars"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "*Good Phone will all features*Fast delivery*Good packing*Safe payment"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Great phone for this price. Just missing a fingerprint sensor. No complaints otherwise."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Don't buy chinnies mibile otherwise u will have to face Motherboard problem in 4 months"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Didnt receive giftcard in wallet was showing during purchase time"                                                                                                    
 [2] "Where is the battery bank as have been offered with this purchase"                                                                                                    
 [3] "More heating issue while 4G sum used. Don't, purchased this phone"                                                                                                    
 [4] "its a basic phone, not so good and not so bad at this price point"                                                                                                    
 [5] "Nice Phone but if the price was Rs. 7000; it would be a hot cake."                                                                                                    
 [6] "super smart phone except photo editor and u cant change ringtones"                                                                                                    
 [7] "Its good and even better if u deliver product with in 2 tob3 days"                                                                                                    
 [8] "Power bank was not delivered along with moto g4 play as per offer"                                                                                                    
 [9] "At normal browsing temp reaches 38 to 40 degrees .While charging , 40 to 45 degree CelsiusAnd yes u will feel the heat , best in winters no need for heater in room ."
[10] "Very good phone in this price tagGood battery lifeGood cameraCompact designFinger print reader is missing that's the only reason for 4 star"                          
 [1] "The phone is good for simple usage...I like the touch and is definitely up to the mark"                                                                                             
 [2] "It's a decent phone... But it'sNeed some more battery life like moto e3 power..."                                                                                                   
 [3] "This product good but with free itam  of power bank not meet only Mobil phone delivery"                                                                                             
 [4] "'''' '''''' ''' ''But power bank ''' '''' '''' '' free '' '''''' '' ''' ''"                                                                                                         
 [5] "It's a very good phone...with all the latest features.One problem is that of back cover of the phone.The back cover had too many locking points which makes it vulnerable to break."
 [6] "Yes it's a good buy"                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Poor Camera Quality"                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "My mobiles having blinking prob. during talking several times & having heating prob."                                                                                               
 [9] "Awesome mob, with good specifications.Sounds, display, battery back up is good."                                                                                                    
[10] "I gifted this to my sister...Extremely happy with the device.Battery last really long"                                                                                              
 [1] "Free power bank not provided or the code from seller. Apart from it product was good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "The phone camera is very good and touch quality is good.The phone performance is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Very poor phone ....camera not working as expected ....phone is hanging as well ....!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Thank you Amazon for power Bank  as a gift of birthday making my birthday so special."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "I bought this phone for 4 reasons and I'm happy about it1. dedicated expandable memory2. pure Android experience3. moto brand value and build quality4. fast charger"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "brought a new moto g play 4th gen  on 26th october .out of box failure. was shocked to learn of some new amazon policy that i cant get a refund or buy another handset. was forced to accept a replacement of same handset .got it on 12th November . AGAIN out of box failure. phone would not switch on at all. just kept on blinking ....whats more is the appalling manner in which i was treated by amazon...they wouldnt connect me to some senior person..kept me on hold for 20-25 minutes on average...in spite of telling that its an out of box failure - they insisted on me installing some smart chek app ....how does on do that ?? if the phone itself is not powering on.....god knows..have sworn off amazon....and definitely never ever gonna buy a mobile online henceforth..anyone even thinking of moto g play- 4th gen--please please dont.....if my experience is any indication....."
 [7] "Shipping was good , mobile is ao expected as site ,all over experience is very good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "Very bed. Not working properly. Touch is not good. Android has been stopped to work."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "I request the company to enhance the sound system.others r upto satisfaction.thanks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Nice phone with good options. Best is removable battery. Finally economical as well."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Moto G play, an affordable smartphone with lots of value in it."                                                                                                    
 [2] "Mobile suddenly very heat, video also not clear, overall its ok"                                                                                                    
 [3] "Nice phone.......  Good camera, better sound quality....."                                                                                                          
 [4] "After using a month nice phone no any problem till  camera good"                                                                                                    
 [5] "Good phone, very responsive ,good camera and battery backup👌👌"                                                                                                      
 [6] "Not bad it's battery back is low"                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Awesome phone with excellent battery backup n coolest configuration very smooth n gud phone under 9k .... Gets full charge within 1 hr coz of  rapid charging......"
 [8] "phone is best but long time internet use than heating problam."                                                                                                     
 [9] "Good service from Amazon...And awesome Moto g4 play smartphone"                                                                                                     
[10] "Value for money best phone in this range with awesome features"                                                                                                     
 [1] "Awesome look..working great presently.. i love its feel..a tough set..good choice.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "For this price speaker volume could have been bit more for old people. Otherwise fantastic mobile! Very light weight!! Good look. Very fast network speed. Awesome display. Dual SIM."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "I had bought the phone, however it soon started giving trouble.  It cannot read the SD card often.  Everytime I have to turn the phone off and then take out the SD card and put it back.The camera is average.  It cannot take a good photo from the computer screen.  The only good part is there is no lag now.  I bought the phone in SeptemberI would not suggest buying it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Build quality : Good, speaker is loud enough..feels good to hold..screen not large..great for single hand usage. Display not vibrant enough..wasn't really expecting it to be any flagship killer. Front camera is okay for casual shots but primary camera lacks a punch.USP:Vanilla Android, Fast charging.For :  DAD, who mainly uses his device or Youtube, Hotstar( on Wifi/ no 4g)  and CALLS. Few more useful apps apart from Google Pre-Loaded Apps& Few mentioned above: Duo, Imo, inShort, Truecaller  2 casual games nothing more. 2 gb ram never caused any issue and battery was good enough to last full day even with data on(Airtel 3g).Don't expect any Jio advantage because sim is available everywhere .Didn't opted for Redmi cos of MIUI complexity to do everything+ the flash sale drama"
 [5] "Perfectly priced & good quality phone.Waiting for the latest Android update."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Super and looking great . Compared to samsung j2 pro is 100 percent better. Thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "very nice mobile with good battery and super charger. phone performance is awsome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Product is good and my selection is also good.I like this product very much."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Battery heats up very quickly, and once fully charged it does not even last 1 day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Excellent phone. Excellent quality and features. Pleasure to use.Totally worth it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "its good not super"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Bit heating issues"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Mobile has heating issues. No replacement available even they mention there is. No freebie too. I didnt get my powerbank. 4G doesnt work on both sims. It works only on sim one."                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Early delivery than committed. Very happy with the product. What about cash back."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Not received Power Bank for the promotion offer. Please update me when do we get."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Nice phone in this range, no any issues. Thanks amazon for fast on time delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Not good for those who have already used better phones. Not price worthy. Limited features and settings. Camera does not seem like given. Screen too bright, not compatible/ soothing for eyes. Only charging is good, but not battery standby. Bought yesterday want to sell today as I'm  not satisfied with it's quality. Many better phones are available. It's not REFUNDABLE"
[10] "Didn't get the power bank .how to get?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "The product is very bad.Sound not good. Battery back up poor."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "good fit otherwise not available in the market for this phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Excellent in performanceOne thingthat is  missing is Compass"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "First of all fast delivery by Amazon.looks good.very comfortable while in hand.it takes 30 min to full charge which is awesome.best part is battery stand by."                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "I bought it in Sep 16. I presented it to my father. He could not identify that the mike is malfunctioning.  Finally, he gave it for repair on 05 Oct 16 for repair. The T Nagar repair shop dodged him and they said that the spare part is not available and they approached the MOTO. He chose to complain it on line.....  No action till date. it still with the repair shop."
 [6] "The product is good, but I still don't receive my cash back."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Great phone, with good performance and clutter free Android."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "It's an amazin product this phone is better than mi 3s prime"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Maast hai, par is ke saath ko bhi screen gard nahi hai"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Sometimes it hangss..... but almost good... camera is superb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Moto g4play is very good smartphone. Best products in budget"                                                                                            
 [2] "motorola kept its promise, provided best budget smart phone."                                                                                            
 [3] "No battery backup not even one day due toOverheat problem .."                                                                                            
 [4] "Getting problem in speaker, and it getting slowly day by day"                                                                                            
 [5] "Good one, overall a value for money and worth at this price."                                                                                            
 [6] "I bought this mobile but still I didn't get the bower bank.."                                                                                            
 [7] "As per amazon specification both sim is (4G+4g)but in actual (2G+4G) is there.and while charging heating problem is there but overall performance is gud"
 [8] "Awesome phone at the price with Amazon pay discount of 1000"                                                                                             
 [9] "Light weight and awesome mobile... gud and cost is also gud"                                                                                             
[10] "phone is awesome ,but company 1000 cash back gigt not found"                                                                                             
 [1] "Very nice phone..It's a best smartphone at this price"                                                                                                  
 [2] "good, camera clarity is awesome. Love it. Thanks Amazon!!!!"                                                                                            
 [3] "I like it smart phone with affordable price quality product"                                                                                            
 [4] "Hardware problem occur due to ear phone. Please rectify it."                                                                                            
 [5] "phone is nice as it's price but it's display is not so good"                                                                                            
 [6] "nice phone with good features and faster delivery by amazon"                                                                                            
 [7] "It's a value for money. Totally satisfied with the product."                                                                                            
 [8] "Nice phone in 9kSamsung can't beat it even no one can"                                                                                                  
 [9] "Good phone, little bit heats while calling, rear camera average, front one is good, no lagging, superior performance, soft touch, battery backup good.."
[10] "Nice phone at great price. Delivery by amazon is awesome. I got the phone very next day of ordering the product. And Motorola phones are great phones." 
 [1] "Had heard a lot from others on the G4 & this phone too meets the expectations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Heating problem and also network problem, losses network very frequently......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Product looks good and handy,Smooth touch, facing intermittent network issues."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "No.power bank nothing it's just fake"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "good product , received before time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Bought a Moto G Play a week back. Initial impression was good, but then the trouble started. 2 major issues which impacts the basic phone function.1. When someone calls this number, gets the message that the \"phone is out of range\". Switched the SIM to the old phone(old Moto) and then no issues. This issue is quite frequent resulting in missing many important calls2. There is a big delay after dialling a number and before you get the ring back tone/call connects. Again no such issue with the old phoneTried to return the phone and Amazon is asking to troubleshoot the problems! If a new phone is not serving the basic functions of a phone, why wouldn't Amazon take it back?"
 [7] "Perfect phone. :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "very good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "Very nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "In all it is best"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "Not working good."                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "I like moto phone"                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "It's just amazing"                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Very good phone.."                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Awesome phone with excellent battery backup n coolest configuration very smooth n gud phone under 9k .... Gets full charge within 1 hr coz of  rapid charging......"
 [6] "Awesome phoneCamera is the bestAnd much better than Moto E3 power"                                                                                                  
 [7] "Awesome mobile phone,  i was prime customer but it's took 1 week to delivery."                                                                                      
 [8] "Good mobile except mobile streaming by this phone , it pauses while streaming"                                                                                      
 [9] "Awesome phone with lots of good features for reasonable amount.........👍👍👌"                                                                                         
[10] "Timely delivery...Good budget product from moto...As expected ..."                                                                                                  
 [1] "looks good and performance is super... i am fully satisfied with this product"
 [2] "Phone is getting hanged at time of disconnecting the call. It is just 40days."
 [3] "AN AWESOME PHONEWONDERFUL CAMERASUPERB BATTERYCLASSY LLOOOK"                  
 [4] "Best phone to buy under 9K. Latest Android version with great battery backup."
 [5] "I am not received anything about power bank on this mobile as a special offer"
 [6] "Overall good. I don't know the gaming experience cuz i haven't played it yet."
 [7] "Till now not that much complaints,with Jio video call is not supporting"      
 [8] "Battery Of This Phone Drains Very Quickly.. Kindly Arrange For Replacement.." 
 [9] "Perfect high speed phone with reduce in-built apps.. That's What i live most" 
[10] "Best Budget phone with stock android , touch and camera needs be more better" 
 [1] "worst product from motorola... getting heated up early..."
 [2] "Good and handy phone, specs are good at this price point."
 [3] "Worst product. It's not a phone.  It's nothing but heater"
 [4] "Value for money phone. Sturdy / fast - works well for me."
 [5] "It's awsome.. thanks to Amazon ( mob ushaaranuu muwthyyy)"
 [6] "Is the best 9000 will get u. Amazon delivery not the best"
 [7] "To be clear it is a simple and super phone of its budget."
 [8] "Best cell phone in cheap rate. Battery backup ia awesome."
 [9] "very good but not given to me ear phones and warenty card"
[10] "Battery is not performing well .charging drawing too fast"
 [1] "Excellent... Received the pack with in 2 days... Moto is awesome asusual 😎"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Awesome phone....Working smoothly..No heating problems a great budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Battery charging fast so good charging and good phon camera quality to good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "this prodect is damage....  so i have complain in grahak surakhsha........."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "Best moto play ! Excellent phone from amazon. Very happy thank you amazon ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "As per amazon specification both sim is (4G+4g)but in actual (2G+4G) is there.and while charging heating problem is there but overall performance is gud"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "do not purchase. very bad product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Before this I used Moto E2 for around 18 months with Rough use. No doubt moto phones are very reliable, durable among all. I was so pleased with it that I convinced three more people to buy it. Battery backup is satisfactory, touch is smooth, video quality is OK. Only thing is that I feel camera is not very up to the mark ( 5 MP of moto E2 was still better without flash).After almost 40 days of use I am satisfied with it. If you want a phone which has less service issues and Sturdy built then blindly go for any moto phone.One more thing : It costed me 4700 ( current 9000). How? Well, 1000 Cashback, again 500 Cashback, 1400 in exchange of moto e2, 1400 SBI CASHBACK OFFER."
 [9] "Amazing Mobile ...... No hanging problem very fast and good betary back up"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Got it delivered today !!On timeI recommend this to everyone!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "All is well" "Great phone" "Good mobile" "Great phone" "Best mobile"
 [6] "nice mobile" "Good Phone." "Nice Mobile" "Great phone" "Best mobile"
 [1] "nice roduct"                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Battery life wil not last for 10 hours..dot buy this..technical team is not supportive..amazon is not giving  replacement or return for mobiles"
 [3] "Excellent phone. Camera quality, battery backup is great. I gifted this phone and the user is very happy with this phone so am I.  Thanks Moto!"
 [4] "Poor USB oth management , good for min. Time mobile user"                                                                                       
 [5] "Very good mobile to buy such low price 100% satisfied 👍"                                                                                        
 [6] "Product was good but Amazon courier service was pathetic"                                                                                       
 [7] "Nice product moto g4 playFaster delivery by Amazon"                                                                                             
 [8] "Good phone fast device good camera and good battery life"                                                                                       
 [9] "this one is very good product by moto.I just lovied it ."                                                                                       
[10] "Product very good but charger didnt even work for 1 hour"                                                                                       
 [1] "The product works fine and amazon delivered it's promise"                                                                                     
 [2] "Good Product... But delivery time length is very long..."                                                                                     
 [3] "Other phones have the same configuration and are cheaper"                                                                                     
 [4] "Looking good camera good overaly not best but good phone"                                                                                     
 [5] "Excellent set, 4th generation & Android 6.0 with volte.."                                                                                     
 [6] "Good oneThankx to moto and amazon 1day delivery..."                                                                                           
 [7] "The worst mobile. Basic thing s mobile need to do to call itself not working opposite side not able to hear and signal disconnects frequently"
 [8] "Product is soo good and Touch is smooth and display is looking awesome. Coming to CAM  with the given pixels of both picture quality is fine."
 [9] "mobile is getting over heat"                                                                                                                  
[10] "Good product as compared to other phones in this range."                                                                                      
 [1] "Worst service by motorola,my phone got into repair after one week i brought....Its been 2 months i submitted my mobile in pune service centre ,which is in warranty but i still didnt recieved it.Also no proper response from ccustomer care....I will prefer samsung next time for peace of mind."
 [2] "very bad speaker quality..would not recommend anyone to buy this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "This is the best smartphone which one can or should buy in ten thousand."                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Impressed witht this phone. Best in this price range and specifications."                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Kain ye pagal hai Jo redmi kind jhad maar raha hai mein uski maar loonga"                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "I love this phone and recommend to buy this all of u guys...🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "All are good except the packing, which was open at the time of delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Battery getung drainig very much, camera quality poor lenvo vive note k5"                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Battry backup is nill but perfomance is goodPhone is best in price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Very nice I like it very much camera is also good features are also nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "It's a amazing and hood phone in this price.go for this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "After a month, speaker stopped working.! I never experienced like this before with moto/lenovo and with online shopping.! Disappointed.!"                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Don't wast your money. It's display is too instance.my eye feels pain. Package delivered yesterday and now there is no returning Option."                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "niceOverpriced when compared with specification of MotoE3JIO WELCOME IS NOT PROVIDED . YOU NEED TO GENERATE YOU BAR CODE AND VISIT RELIANCE DIGITAL STORES.Since it is provided with turbo charge its charging speed is good but its heat up while charging. don't use you mobile while charging."
 [5] "Budget phone comes with the latest update and features"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "overall good.camera awsm. but battery little bit weak."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Average mobile catagerioy ...Not good not bad..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "jio video calling is not available..what to do??"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Moto g4 playBudget smartphoneAll most best"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Speaker sound is not goodBattery back up is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Getting hot during charging, and during using net. Nearly buurns Ur ear"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Excellent mobile in this price range and amazing gift cards from amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Very good phone wide excellent rear and front camera. Thank you Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Very Good...Camera Quality is aweasome..Looks is Good.. aweasome Pieace"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "After 8 days using ,simply cool  battery stand by is awesome, still now"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "User friendly..easy to use ....performance is good..overall good to buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Every thing ok but ear phone was not good , very bad and sub standard ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "Product is ok. Have not received the power bank and reliance GIO offer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Product is soo good and Touch is smooth and display is looking awesome. Coming to CAM  with the given pixels of both picture quality is fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "I m using motoe2 for the last 2 years n i then decided to change to g4play after reading almost reviews here... N now i think i took the right phone...  Here is my genuine review..Cons:Brilliant displayBattery backup is greatNo heating issues even on chargingCharging is so fast.No lags n its smoothCamera is okey but not great!Cons:Camera focusing is bit slow n sometimes microfoocusing wont get correct focused.No gallery( use quickpic for better experience).Now if want a phone with a good user experience then go for it.... it gives you a better smooth user experience....."
 [1] "It is best buy in first timeNo problem in phone.Good work."            
 [2] "Its good smartphone for budget under 10000And light weight phone"      
 [3] "This phone is awesome... great speaker sound great deal at this price."
 [4] "great phone no doubt with good configuration must buy with this seller"
 [5] "Best mobile in budget.....I am using last 10 days very good experience"
 [6] "Funtestic product....I buy this for my sis and she extermly likes this"
 [7] "futhers are good, and nice looking phone.. it is very good product...."
 [8] "Nice mobile from Motorola in low cost.Worthy to buy from Amazon."      
 [9] "I am not received our free itme on power bank .Please provide the asap"
[10] "SUPER MOBILE WITH DUAL SIM 4G , VERY NICE MOBILE , LOOKING ALSO GOOD ."
 [1] "Excellent product in this budget. Super value mobile."                                                                              
 [2] "Pretty good for its price. Speakers for music are ok."                                                                              
 [3] "Product received with in the time. but it as mentioned that product will deliver with power bank which was not there in the parcel."
 [4] "Phone with Speaker damage"                                                                                                          
 [5] "dont buy this product ..."                                                                                                          
 [6] "Good phone"                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Good phone"                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Good buy.."                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Good phone"                                                                                                                         
[10] "Nice Phone"                                                                                                                         
 [1] "good phone"                                          
 [2] "Good phone"                                          
 [3] "Good phone"                                          
 [4] "Best phone"                                          
 [5] "nice phone"                                          
 [6] "thank you."                                          
 [7] "Good phone"                                          
 [8] "Amazing .."                                          
 [9] "nice phone"                                          
[10] "It is definitely a good mobile handset. Awesome one."
 [1] "WorstNo video callingVoice calling issue"            
 [2] "Product are very exhalent not any problems  mobile ."
 [3] "Extremely hot while using camera..phone hangs a lot."
 [4] "Great mobile experience with moto........Thanks Moto"
 [5] "Very very good product. Worth it in the price range."
 [6] "Very good phone. Also best response from Amazon....."
 [7] "Good delivery satisfied with quality worth for money"
 [8] "Awsm product... really great.. it's working smoothly"
 [9] "Battery back up is bad...  Half dy battery back up.."
[10] "Recieved in glass broken condition please replace it"
 [1] "Its really third class mobile phone I have ever had... I hate Moto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Very nice product excellent display fantastic camera quality thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Very Good Phone . No extra Bloatware apps in the phone . Works Well"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Its an name amazing product by Motorola. Having such good features."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Nice phone....nice specs....nice delivery; but a power bank was in offer with the product during the time I had made the order, though I haven't received that power bank till date .SpecsProsGood camera 8mp rear with flash.....5mp frontStock AndroidMarshmallow2 GB RAM16 GB RAM2800 MAH powerful removable batteryConsHonestly after using it for 3 weeks haven't found any problem though before buying this product ..be ensure with service centre issues as lenovo are not giving services to all this Moto smartphones except Moto Z n Moto Z play !"
 [6] "i bought this on last weak, very worst performance, mobile in hanging a lot and restarting automatically, very worst mobile....amazon plz stop this product from ur site.... i want return this mobile and replace with some other mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "mobile is getting over heat"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Perfect phone looking smarter.....nice of removal of battery.....but how to use reliance jio welcome offer.....please gide....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Moto any day!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "good product ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "It is too worst phone ,,,dont try not even see this"
 [2] "Good product.it fulfilled its purpose at this rate."
 [3] "Phone quality is very good only delivery is delayed"
 [4] "Good product.....no heating issue still found......"
 [5] "Terrific product with a nice delivery at this price"
 [6] "Camara not good , my old htc phone better than this"
 [7] "Good budget phone. Camera quality is not satisfied."
 [8] "Best product and delivery of the product is so fast"
 [9] "Decient phone camera quality not bad not so good..."
[10] "It' very very good phone....I am very happy .....{}"
 [1] "The mobile gets little bit heat problem... Otherwise it is good..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Excellent product..... Light in weight...and delivery is also Fast"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Great Phone.. Bought it for my mom and she loved the mob in white."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Hardware is slow, the Amazon app hangs up while browsing products!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Phone looks good for its price , but its screen freezes sometimes."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Best phone in this  price range. And Amazon delivery is very fast."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Phone gets heat when charging and without usage... battery is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Good phone in very reasonable price. 👌👌👌I can use several apps simultaneously and it still doesn't hang. Good phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "It's been nearly 25 days now I've been using the g4 play. I have yet not found a single glitch in this phone, well I'm not a guy who is fond of using camera a lot so camera is not a priority for me. My RAM usage has been around 50℅ till date and that is awesome. I use chrome and YouTube simultaneously for the most time and sometimes clash Royale too. In short it's a great phone.The reason I bought this phone was for Android development so my priority was system updates. With nougat coming to it my purpose is fulfilled.In short it's a great phone for this price range. I love it."
[10] "This phone is just amazing at this price pointAnd I love it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "It's good set.good function and lung bettety life."
 [2] "It's working very good. Happy to chose a good one."
 [3] "Very nice mobile no hitting problem camera is good"
 [4] "Worthy buy, a phone with best and latest features."
 [5] "Not as expected but still handles my requirements."
 [6] "Satisfied with recent futures.. thanks to Motorola"
 [7] "It's good phone. But Amazon cash back not in worth"
 [8] "Its a good fone but delivery was extremely delayed"
 [9] "Good picture quality.light in weight.I like this." 
[10] "Best phone is this budget  space RAM 16gb but 11gb"
 [1] "Good phone for the amount of money you are paying."                                                                        
 [2] "i Got used product. Still Waiting For Replacement."                                                                        
 [3] "Nice product but heating while using for long time"                                                                        
 [4] "Moto G Play mobile is very good to use. I like it."                                                                        
 [5] "Very smooth and sleek design with high processor.."                                                                        
 [6] "Used product recieved full damage zero performance"                                                                        
 [7] "hi i didn't receive the code for that battery bank"                                                                        
 [8] "3G network not supporting on this phone...........i am not happy with this product...apart from that phone to mast hai bro"
 [9] "budget mobile very good"                                                                                                   
[10] "Ok stuffLoudspeakers could have been louder"                                                                               
 [1] "Buy for My mom.She loves it. Her first touch n smartphone."                                                             
 [2] "Very good smart phone with better battery backup and strong body"                                                       
 [3] "Satisfied with Amazon delivery and a nice product for the budget"                                                       
 [4] "Very good at this price... And the best thing is it's Motorola ."                                                       
 [5] "Its good  product,But ....... no body will listen our pain"                                                             
 [6] "display any time automaticca on of ithanaal charge down ahirathu"                                                       
 [7] "Front camera is not as expected.. another all features are good!"                                                       
 [8] "Look is very nice:slim & light.Battery back up is also good. But the phone gets heated soon. Overall performance is ok."
 [9] "Phone with Speaker damage"                                                                                              
[10] "dont buy this product ..."                                                                                              
 [1] "No problem, evertyhing is fine.smooth transaction"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Some time it get heated ..in 9 k  u can go for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Moto G Play is the best deal in this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Only problem is there is no gallery in phone ! ''"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Phone is good but front camera take mirror image."                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Some days use scratch appears in My phone screen"                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Excellent phone go for it..the best phone under9k"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Look is very nice:slim & light.Battery back up is also good. But the phone gets heated soon. Overall performance is ok."                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Not good, I faced the problem in mic , automatically sound goes in the phone call.Now 10 days also over and I can't return the product. So I suggest to everyone when u purchase any product first check it properly either you are gifted to someone or use myself."
[10] "i have not got the reliance jio sim card as promised with the offer. Kindly help. I have also not got the powerbank."                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)"                    
 [2] "Nice Product. Good features for a moderate user."
 [3] "Good but not good as moto g3rd generation phone."
 [4] "Nice camera quality and very light weight phone" 
 [5] "It's fabulous...grt packing....awsm quality...😃" 
 [6] "Excellent product and service provided by Amazon"
 [7] "I satisfied for this mobile and value for money."
 [8] "Really worth it... Best smartphone in this range"
 [9] "Very good. Reasonable cost and good performance."
[10] "NiceIf you by this product you feel awsm★✌"      
 [1] "Awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Good product,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Good 4g phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "its fantastic"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "ok..so i got my phone aftr three days of order n when i unbox da phone da phone was not properly wraped and i found some dust n nano size stones which u can feel by ur fingers as well  as some scrateches and on the back side of the phone....aftr dt i check every thing was perfect...headset is upto da mark...one more thing.....i dnt kw wthr this phone hv any notification light or not cos every phone have dt light n it blinks each time wthr u got ny msg or notifctn.....i didnt c any notifctn light in this phone...battery good, camera ok, no hanging prb no heating prb....bt charger heats so much while chrgng phone.....excpt this scratchs, dust n notificatn prb phone was good.....pls hlp me with this notificatn light...even while charging my phone i didnt c any light in my phone which shows or indicate battery is chrgng...hlp me wth this...pls....n while purchesing this phone yoi guys said that both sim shlot will support 4g...bt nw i can see dt it only suoport one 4g sim n da another one supports 2g...not even 3g...wtf...."
 [6] "Though the cell looks a little overpriced as compared to other options available. I expected a stable phone that would atleast last 2 years.As you turn it on you get Lenovo logo first so looks like the complete phone is not produced by Motorola :( .Disappointed with the performance in first week itself -CONS -1) Heats up while charging2) Hangs up sometimes.....specially while disconnecting calls....takes hell lot of time3) Original Android not quite user friendly4) My phone is not reading memory card - the moment you put card and turn it on you would see some memory card related notification still trying to figure out how to get my card configured if the things are really working5) No LED provided in charger6) Headphones are of low qualityPros -1) Battery lasts 2 days if charged fully2) small size fits in palm easily - i prefer 5 ïnch mobiles, big screens are inconvenient in pocket3) Robust buildOverall - Dissatisfied"                                                                                                        
 [7] "Value for money best phone in this range with awesome features"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Yes it is, good phone to use, handling of the phone also good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Battery backup is a matter,It would work only 4/5hour..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "It's very beautiful peace with good cameras,and smooth working"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "I didn't get my powerbank which was in offer with this mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Nice phone, has all the features one wants and isnt expensive."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Best phone with amazing performance & best in its range......."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Heating issue... not too much... otherwise fine for this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "I did not receive any free power bank along with the product as it was named as Moto g4 play with free power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Good phone. Lighter than other G3 phones, but do not support moto movements and gestures.Camera-not so good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Motorola is always a favourite of mine, i have used Moto G Ist gen and Moto G3 and my Moto G still works wonderfully smooth.coming to this device its really good built, slim, and light.battery is good and it works awesome with reliance jio, camera is decent and stock android makes it slick and fast, screen quality is good in the price band. overall its a really cool phone within the price band.My experience with Motorola is awesome till now, i believe that they will do that in future also. thank you"
 [8] "Moto g play is quite good but battery performance is not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "No hassles. Handy . No hanging. Good battery life for a day ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Good to buy this mobile, battery support for 2 days with 4 G."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Good phone. Lighter than other G3 phones, but do not support moto movements and gestures.Camera-not so good"
 [2] "is soooo good mi so happy this phone is amazing"                                                            
 [3] "Everything is fine but its get hot too quickly."                                                            
 [4] "Good phone but speaker issues after a month use"                                                            
 [5] "Display problems in just one month of usage, :("                                                            
 [6] "Phone is amazing... best phone in this range..."                                                            
 [7] "Excellent phone ! Battery life is just Superb!!"                                                            
 [8] "Sound while speaking is low can't hear properly"                                                            
 [9] "Nice and good mobile and also very good service"                                                            
[10] "good product in less price. I am happy with it."                                                            
 [1] "Moto g4play is very good smartphone. Best products in budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "motorola kept its promise, provided best budget smart phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "No battery backup not even one day due toOverheat problem .."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Getting problem in speaker, and it getting slowly day by day"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Good one, overall a value for money and worth at this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "I bought this mobile but still I didn't get the bower bank.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Got 2 phones, one each for Dad and Father-in-Law each. Both just needed smartphones for calling, video calls, taking pictures once in a while and Facebook/Whatsapp. So for hardly 9k this is a really no-brainer purchase.Reliable Motorola brand and easy access to B2X centers for repairs. And the biggest advantage is the removable battery, so when the battery life reduces in hardly 2 years (as is usual with smartphone batteries these days) I can just swap in new batteries instead of get a whole new phone."         
 [8] "Ordered during sale, got a defective piece which does not detect wifi and hence I cannot connect to internet while other cell phones are able to detect and connect to the wifi at the same time.Now I am unable to return the phone also as it says you need to install and run a smart check app on the same device you have brought which does not make sense at all as the phone does not connect to wifi, same problems will be faced by others too, how will we initiate return for this ? Please change this senseless policy"
 [9] "phone is awesome ,but company 1000 cash back gigt not found"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Very nice phone..It's a best smartphone at this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Phone looks good, but little delay to delivery"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Not Good as i expected.But Good camera quality."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "It was shown that you will provide coupon for zoook power bank with moto g4 play. Why it has not been provided? If you do not have the guts to provide power bank, why you mention it as a special offer. Please stop cheating customers green mobiles."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "The Moto G4 Play and Moto E3 Power are currently the best offerings by the Lenovo owned Motorola. If you're not really a fan of Chinese deviceslike Redmi, Coolpad, Meizu or OnePlus, Motorola devices have really proven themselves to be quite long lasting companions.Now, within the budget segment of 10K, we've these 2 phones and without much delay I would like to review how both these phones fair against each other.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Build Quality:->-----------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other. Both feature a plastic body with a sort of textured finish. But the E3 Power houses a separate speaker grill at the bottom bezels while the G4 Play has a mono grill at the top for the earpiece and speaker. The sound output is better on E3 Power due to the extra grill.The back of E3 Power lacks a textured finish while the G4 Play has a texture design on back, making it easy to hold in hand.Screen & Display:->------------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play feature a 5\" inch 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi pixel density display. It's fairly bright and offers great contrast thanks to the low black levels. Sunlight legibility is also good.Both the phones have Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection and Nano Coating which makes them splash proof or accidental water spillings.While the Moto G4 Play has Moto Display and One Handed Mode, the E3 Power doesn't have them.Performance:->-----------------------The E3 Power runs on a MediaTek 6735P QuadCore CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1GHz and a Mali-T720 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 1.1GB to be free. Switching between apps and multi-tasking is fluid. The phone has noticeable lags on heavy usage. The device performs poorly on heavy gaming, although midrange games like Subway Surfers run well without any issues. No heating issues as well.The G4 Play runs on a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core CPU, which houses four Cortex-A53s clocked at 1.2GHz and a Adreno 306 GPU. You get 2GB of Ram. On the first boot you'll find around 900 MB to be free. Ram management seems poor on G4 Play as compared to E3 Power as the usage seems to be more. But surprisingly the device fares better to E3 Power in terms of multi-tasking and Gaming due to a powerful CPU. Asphalt 8 runs smoothly without any issue. The device heats upto 38.C to 40.C which isn't always an issue.Storage:->---------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play come with 16GB of Internal Storage. You get upto 11GB free on E3 Power while around 10.5GB on the G4 Play. Both the phones support USB OTG.Expandable Storage:E3 Power: 32GB via MicroSD CardG4 Play: 128GB via MicroSD CardCamera:->----------------Both the E3 Power and G4 Play house a 8MP Rear and 5MP Front facing Camera. The performance is above average in daylight and proper lighting conditions. The Camera performs average in night and low light. The flash is really helpful in low light. The device runs Moto's Stock Camera app with a Shutter button. You can use the exposure mode, Panoroma, HDR or Video Modes. While the E3 Power can only record 720p videos, G4 Play can record upto 1080p videos. The Camera focusing on E3 Power is better than that of G4 Play, so is the post image processing but the shutter speed is better in G4 Play.The Selfie Camera will really delight you. You can always use a 3rd Party filter app on the both these devices to take some neat selfies.Battery:->---------------While the E3 Power comes with a 3600maH battery, the G4 Play comes with a 2800maH battery. The battery on E3 Power is nothing short to incredible and easily lasts for a day with moderate usage. and last over 1.5 days but with heavy usage lasts only upto 9 to 10 hours.. You can get screen on-time of 8 to 9 hours easily. The rapid charger bundled with the phone takes 3.5 hours to 4 hours to fully charge the device.The G4 Play lasts upto a day with moderate usage but with heavy usage lasts only upto 7 to 8 hours. The G4 Play also comes with the rapid charger and the charging takes around 3 hours.Both the phones feature a removable battery.4G Network & Jio:->-------------------------------Both Moto E3 Power and G4 Play support VoLTE (Band 40) and can be used with a Reliance Jio Sim Welcome Offer. Yes, you can dial numbers from Stock Dialer without connecting to Mobile Data. Bear in mind that the phones reach upto a temperature of 40.C when continuously on 4G.Battery Life on 4G:->-------------------------------With continuous 4G usage, the E3 Power can last for 6 to 7 hours while the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours.Software & OS:->--------------------------Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play run of Stock Android version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Minor Tweaks by Motorola. Although the E3 Power is a month old, it won't get the Android Nougat 7.0 update which is a huge disappointment for budget users, while the G4 Play with 14 other devices will get Android 7.0 Nougat Update.Conclusion->--------------------The E3 Power proves to be the obvious choice if you want a device that performs better on battery life as well as the Camera. The E3 Power is available every Monday via Flash sales on Flipkart for Rs 7999.The G4 Play although has a smaller battery is a better performer with the powerful CPU and higher capacity for storage via MicroSD Card. The G4 Play will also get the Nougat Update.If you're not into heavy usage and Android Updates, the E3 Power should be your choice."
 [5] "Camera quality very bad"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "In a month it has to be send to service centre"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Not so good experience,voice clarity problems,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Timely shipped. Good phone. Working perfectly."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Its awesome ..... everything is just fav......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "thanks amazon and moto for such a good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "This this the best smartphone that your money can buy under 9k.The phone is very fast and lag free.Never had any issur in running any app or game on this phone.The camera of the phone is good for both photography and selfies.2GB ram is enough for daily usage along with the internal 16GB storage which is expandable to 128 GB. The interface is very basic and plain which I like a lot.The phone is bloat free unlike other phones in the market and motorola will give its android N updatr for this phone.The speaker’s output is very loud and clear.Battery life keeps me all day with 2800mah capacity.The display is 720p which is good enough for me for watching photos and videos on a 5 inch screen.The phone is very sleek and stylish with a very slim profile and minimalistic design.It a total VFM in this range and very much trutsed then other brands currently available in the market."
 [2] "good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "Great Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Phone hangs too much ..camera quality is not good .."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "No not at all I have gifted it he always give taunts to me"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Good Budget mobile.with more features and good flexibility"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Really this mobile is awesome and superb as per this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Great phone with great features at this price...loving it."
 [2] "I didnt get back cashback i have done. With SBI debit card"
 [3] "Sim card slot not working....have requested a replacement!"
 [4] "Doesnt have magnetometer, so none of the compass apps work"
 [5] "Nice and perfect phone .. only music piece is not so great"
 [6] "Nice phone, very handy, great features, great performance."
 [7] "Motto/Lenovo G play is 4t Gen mobile set. Worth buying it."
 [8] "Good working nice product I am very happy with this mobile"
 [9] "Camera quality is not so great n speaker sound is average."
[10] "Nice phone for given price, good buy below Rs. 10000 price"
 [1] "Very good mobile ,everything good ,fine cameras,price high"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "Ya good camera and no hanging from past 1 month experience"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Decent phone to have. Meet all my needs. Good performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Basically from moto g 1st i am using motorala handsets,,moto g1is super phone after few flop models and now moto g4 play Iam using from 5 days super phone super price no comparison with any phone its awesome .camera ,sound,processing speed simply super.36 hrs battery too good.simply u can buy without any doubts."                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Really its nice one.. But only drawback is it's getting over heat while on data...otherwise it's good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "I bought Moto G Play and received delivery on  30-Oct'16 even after paying 120 Rs. for delivery by 29-Oct'16. But instead of delivery i received message that you are not contactable (However no missed call alert nothing came).31st phone works fine but from Yesterday it's vibrating and some liquid (chemical) is coming from battery.Now, it's in hanging mode - vibrating.. Let's see.. what should i  do..Very bad experiene i have.Pls suggest what should i do."                 
 [7] "The Mobile is very good. Easy to use. Good battery back up. But charging of battery is not as fast as described. Battery charges quick, if the mobile is switched off, but at normal speed when mobile is turned on.Storing of data to external storage [memory card] is not supported for some apps like WhatssApp, so internal memory space is occupied and needs to be cleaned regularly to have adequate space in the mobile memory.  .Mobile handset  is handy but it is slippery too."
 [8] "I have heard some people say that it does not support LED notification... But I later realised that it has a Led light on the left side below the screen... The only problem with this is you have to root you're phone in order to activate the feature..Overall it's an awesome and impressive phone which can handle heavy gaming without lags like Asphalt 8 , Nova, real racing, etcTo users PLEASE --try to INSTALL PIXEL LAUNCHER in it...it works gr8 for this device!"             
 [9] "Pros of Motorola Moto X Play21 MP Great camera.Pure stock Android experience.This device is complete value for money.Dual SIM support.Sound Enhancement 3-mic Support.Brilliant 5.5 inches crisp display.Expandable up to 128 GB.Screen is protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3.Phone is water repellent.Cons of Motorola Moto X PlayNon Removable battery.No innovation in design.Speaker is mono, not stereo.Width is 10.9mm almost 11 mm thick.I hope i could help you...😊😊"           
[10] "Very good..... I use this mobile Moto G4 play is superb camera quality is awesome as per 8mp.and front was 5mp....Super battery life and no hang or no hit.....Just go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Product has scratch marks. Need replacement."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Good Phone and the best part is the Battery."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Nice but some time hanging problem is there."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "This phone batterie backup is bad really bad"                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "its great product and great value for money."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "Best configuration & features for the price."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "One of the best product available on Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "It's very costly deal ..n very nice product."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Product offer  draw ke bare me details btaye"                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "1) Picture quality is poor...I had 5 megapixel samsung mobiles camera which was better than its 8 megapixel...2) U can't take a video call through ur dialpad...U have to go through imo , skype to take video cal...."
 [1] "very good but not given to me ear phones and warenty card"
 [2] "Battery is not performing well .charging drawing too fast"
 [3] "Nice Phone  backup is good and turbo charging is awesome."
 [4] "It's very normal. Nothing much special compare to moto e3"
 [5] "Am lucky to buy this set... it's superb ...easy to handle"
 [6] "A reliable phone at a low price. Nice touch, good battery"
 [7] "Beautiful phoneGreat batteryExcellent display"            
 [8] "Happy with the overall performance &  rate, light & slim."
 [9] "Very good mobile to buy such low price 100% satisfied 👍"  
[10] "Product was good but Amazon courier service was pathetic" 
 [1] "Nice product moto g4 playFaster delivery by Amazon"      
 [2] "Good phone fast device good camera and good battery life"
 [3] "this one is very good product by moto.I just lovied it ."
 [4] "Product very good but charger didnt even work for 1 hour"
 [5] "The product works fine and amazon delivered it's promise"
 [6] "Good Product... But delivery time length is very long..."
 [7] "Other phones have the same configuration and are cheaper"
 [8] "Looking good camera good overaly not best but good phone"
 [9] "Excellent set, 4th generation & Android 6.0 with volte.."
[10] "Good oneThankx to moto and amazon 1day delivery..."      
 [1] "I will say it is really an excellent phone if you never used this Motorola before you may consider buying this because it gives a very good experience of Android and its not even getting any lag very smooth and excellent performance its battery is also pretty good if you really looking for budget Android phone we can consider this it's not good to buy phone between 10000 and 15000 better to consider this phone instead of that or else you may go for phone above 20000"
 [2] "Liked the phone on every aspect. Absolutely no complaints. Touch screen sensitivity, feel & ease are good. Cam quality on both sides is good. Best part I liked is that there are NO unnecessary apps loaded which can not be uninstalled. Can't ask anything more at the price it's offered."                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Good  phone by motorola ... But didn't get any special offers mail yet (yatra, bms, booking via app - may possible to get 100% cash) as mentioned in amazon site...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Third class mobile....I recommend all to not purchase....they are even not offering refunds...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "phone speaker not working. Just 2 weeks before i bought"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Awesome mobile according to price and specifications..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Great deal .....but when my 15% cash back will received"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Been using it for about 2 months and no issues at all ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "One of the best budget purchases in the age of iPhones!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Nice .......good product ...bst in Motorola collectionz"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Nice one"                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Thankyou"                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Please don't buy this phone.It is a heating brick.Battery life is very poor.Switch off automatically.When I insert my Headphones in Headphone slopt didn't show any notification.Poor quality."
 [4] "budget phoneunder 10kore pwoli"                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Best feature and quality but nt looks good"                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Cashback in Bank Account or Amazon Account"                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Not as expected..Packing also normal"                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "audio doesnt work pls dont buy this phone."                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Frequent voice drops, poor speaker quality"                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Excellent product, Good service by Amazon."                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Good mobile"                                           
 [2] "Great phone"                                           
 [3] "Best mobile"                                           
 [4] "nice mobile"                                           
 [5] "Good Phone."                                           
 [6] "Nice Mobile"                                           
 [7] "Great phone"                                           
 [8] "Best mobile"                                           
 [9] "nice roduct"                                           
[10] "Budget phone comes with the latest update and features"
 [1] "It's good to use good mobile in this range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Battery is not good. Discharges very fast."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "Good phone for the price; I am enjoying it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Battery and device performance is too good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "Mobile good but iam expectations not reach"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "Zook code not received. Airtel offer also."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "DIDNT GOT THE POWERBANK but phone is great"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "No power bank received with the mobile...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Very nice phones no lag and looking decent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Pros & Cons:Pros:Good displaycorning gorilla glass and marshmallowwithin 2 hours the mobile got charged upCons:Price is too much, with this price range you will get good one than this.getting heating while on calls and playing games and when you watch movies.blinking screen sometimescamera is not goodproduct is very bad qualityheadphones are not at all good instead of these Samsung basic mobile headphones are very good compare to this."
 [1] "This is more value for money product. Looks and performance is great. Works fine with Jio"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Not the latest and best product out there but is fine for most purposes. My first foray into an Android based phone. Takes time getting used to the operating system and tuning the settings. Beware of the default settings of the phone as it can eat up your download limit in very quick time. It is essential to modify the default settings to your requirements which requires spending time learning your way around Android operating system."
 [3] "The phone is working quite good till now .No issues with the 4g ,voice clearity is also very good.Battery backup is nice.Camera is also ok.How good this phone is you can decide only after a year because now a days almost all smart phones will work properly till one year & start giving problem after that.But as good brand name I hope it will not fall my expectation....I am waiting for that ........."                                     
 [4] "The best budget phone to get stock Android experience"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Not that much build quality.It felt like a toy phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "received the moto g play by 8th eb.2017, working good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "This is not a good goods and Amazon service is so bad"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Mobile is okay, but body color gets slight scratches."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Nice phone I am still trying to find new things in it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "If we are working on it for a long time it get heated"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Excellent phone super performance  avg camera quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Over all performance is poor. G3 is very much better."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "A good phone, worth to buy,fastest delivery by Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Awesome phoneSpecial featuresI loved it.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Nice phone and nice service by Amazon, really love it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Fantastic performance. Did not see any issues so far."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Excellent product in this budget. Super value mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Pretty good for its price. Speakers for music are ok."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Regret buying this phone today, as for reasons known only to motorola, they are launching MOTO E3 POWER on flipkart in 2 hours. Which for unfathomable reasons has better specs at a lower price and comes with a 32Gb San disk memory card free of cost, 4G VoLTE, 6.1 Marshmallow out of the box, and 2 GB RAM. Has A 3500MAh battery as compared to MOTO G4 PLAY's 2800 MAh and costs ONLY 7999!! Why motorola why?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "I ordered on 13th September and received on 19th September 2016. Phone performance is good. Speaker sound quality is not good, some noisy sound is coming on my phone. I want to replace it but i am unable to do. I have purchased this in offer period. but still now no updates on Yatra coupons and Book my show discount coupons. Good budget phone below 10K rs but not the best. Flipkart is giving better service than Amazon. Amazon u r the Worst service provider. while return this product it is asking for download an app, but it is not working. Snapdeal and Flipkart is more better than Amazon. Amazon please take your product and give my money back. If I don't get any response surely next time i don't prefer Amazon."
 [1] "Useless phone .... I can't make phone calls ... While calling voice is not audible ...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "I bought this phone before one week.. running well..when we play games small heat back at camera area..and camera is quite good.. display resolution is good.. battery backup is good..u can use it easily whole day...the only problem.is that is heat..when play games and when charge the battery..it will heat little bit thats it... everything else is fine..good phone with this budget..go for it"
 [3] "Phn is satisfactory..only prblm with d cameras..NONE OF D OFFERS R FULFILLED !!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Extremely hot while using camera..phone hangs a lot."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Great mobile experience with moto........Thanks Moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Very very good product. Worth it in the price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Very good phone. Also best response from Amazon....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Good delivery satisfied with quality worth for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Awsm product... really great.. it's working smoothly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Battery back up is bad...  Half dy battery back up.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Just i bought this mobile. Looking Good."
 [2] "Nice phone, good graphics, user friendly"
 [3] "Good product. Happy with the performance"
 [4] "I am happy with it. The service was good"
 [5] "Excellent mobile  very happy to have it."
 [6] "nice product.jio 4g working effectively."
 [7] "good budget phone with good battery life"
 [8] "Get discount offers for one plus:[...]"  
 [9] "In my mobile google app is not working.."
[10] "Good product but late delivery by amazon"
 [1] "Camara not good , my old htc phone better than this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Good budget phone. Camera quality is not satisfied."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Best product and delivery of the product is so fast"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "It' very very good phone....I am very happy .....{}"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Excellent phone and good delivery speed. Keep it up"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "I haven't received the gift card for the power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Phone is good,no heating problem back camera is low"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "speakers not working 7days before i buy the product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "The speaker of the phone does not work properly.. Most of the times, when we get a call, it will be silent even when we have kept it in the Ringtone Mode.Very sad.. Defected phone...How can i replace this..??"                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Please check the phone before you use.....I have received phone which sim card 1 slot was not working....now customer care officer says that this is out of warranty because of physical damage. And actually the damage is inside the mobile at motherboard. As simple how can I damage the phone at motherboard...So guys be careful before purchase the phone.Phone is awesome but the service is so poor."
 [1] "The performance of the phone is good. But we can't use volte sim on both sim port. If you activate data from sim one the another will automatically dropped to 2g. Though both sim port 'volte' acceptable we can use only one volte sim at a time. Don't confuse with dual stand by,it is single volte mobile.  There is no video calling option, you have to use third party software like skype,messenger etc."
 [2] "I really happy when I was ordered for Moto G Play, 4th gen but after used it I am sad what is this? this phone just like old UI. I have 500 contacts in my two sim and when I found numbers with name zero, after import from both sim, missing too many numbers and there is no option to see sim contacts. Without numbers my phone like dead. Heating problems.really bad experience with motog play"          
 [3] "If we get red mi 3 prime on the same prices with 3 gb ram 32 gb internal storage plus finger print scan.  Why  choose this mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "perfect mobile for regular use.. good battery backup....fast charging...nice voice clearity.. attractive look.... nice performance"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Very good experienceAmazon did very good job"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Awesome product moto g play edition. Smooth touch,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "It's good set.good function and lung bettety life."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "It's working very good. Happy to chose a good one."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Very nice mobile no hitting problem camera is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Worthy buy, a phone with best and latest features."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Not as expected but still handles my requirements."
 [2] "Satisfied with recent futures.. thanks to Motorola"
 [3] "It's good phone. But Amazon cash back not in worth"
 [4] "Its a good fone but delivery was extremely delayed"
 [5] "Good picture quality.light in weight.I like this." 
 [6] "Best phone is this budget  space RAM 16gb but 11gb"
 [7] "Good phone for the amount of money you are paying."
 [8] "i Got used product. Still Waiting For Replacement."
 [9] "Nice product but heating while using for long time"
[10] "Moto G Play mobile is very good to use. I like it."
 [1] "Used product recieved full damage zero performance"
 [2] "hi i didn't receive the code for that battery bank"
 [3] "Good phone"                                        
 [4] "Good buy.."                                        
 [5] "Good phone"                                        
 [6] "Nice Phone"                                        
 [7] "good phone"                                        
 [8] "Good phone"                                        
 [9] "Good phone"                                        
[10] "Best phone"                                        
 [1] "nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "thank you."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Amazing .."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Product is good. Only concern is while charging I observed heat, is that normal?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "This phone is good as compared to other brands. I'd recommend at this price tag."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "The product i found is absolute good packed and nice product! thanx to amazon.in"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Light weightNot heating even after hours of continous use as wifi hotspot"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "I purchased this mobile on 8 September my 10 days experience below Touch is awesomeBattery backup is average on standby is goodSome times its very heat I feel 1 times in 10 daysOtherwise heat normalHang little bit overall goodLooking is very goodLightweightCamera quality is very goodSound quality is good and loud.Display is very good"
 [1] "Wow.. this is amazing.in Amazon.in...Yes, I am already having Moto E2 and i doubt go with Motorola again as i am mainly concerned with Voice Clarity on this device. But seeing the specification i thought to go for it as i am also convinced the neat and clean interface of Moto.Normally when i buy a new mobile i will just make test call to operator Customer care to check the Call Quality. So i did the same with this mobile... wow i got a surprise.. the impression what i had with Moto Phones totally gone. The call clarity very perfect and HD... i can feel the difference and thanks moto for fixing this call quality issues with the recent models.The Screen and display is very scrip and External speaker output also HD. The default Moto ringtone sounds very crisp.. i feel the difference when i play same tone in my Moto E and Moto G Play. So yes, it is perfectly improved.Batter life... i need to test this as till this time i am setting up the mobile with 4G and Wifi.. so as the screen is on for long i did not feel the real difference. Speed is good and no lag.This is satisfied me 100%. But today i am seeing flipkart released Moto E3 with bigger battery. But i dont know what is the difference between Moto G Play and Moto E3 apart from the battery.Moto... you made my mobile experience awesome and you are reliable and realistic hardware/software."
 [2] "I'll keep it unbiased though I'm a huge Moto fan. Firstly the build quality is fantastic and it is a beauty to see. Secondly the camera, which was a bit of a surprise. The 5 MP camera works superb and will aptly take care of your selfie needs while the rear camera does not quite reach its standard as the pictures tend to be grainy. Then coming to the specs, they are adequate to get your daily jobs done and would qualify as mid-range. 16 GB storage and 2 GB of RAM is enough for almost everyone. Now comes the software part which is basically the reason why I love Moto. The software is stock Android Marshmallow with minimal bloatware and it has been expertly optimised to make you fall in love with the phone each time you interact with it. The only con that I could find is the price which should have been ₹ 8000 at most to make it more competitive. Finally I would say, this phone is perfect for daily use and much more. Go for it if you would choose elegance and quality  over a heavier spec sheet."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Five star for this tremendous phone I bought white color this seems splendid and the os of this phone is super fast I am extremely satisfied with my new phone the only set back is camera performance reduces in low light situation ...Just simple iconic definitely represents your simple sobre personalityIf you want to buy simple and good phone go for it guys it's a good pick...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Nice product am very happy to buy it from Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "Nice product and very good service by Amazon 😃😃"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Hell irritating.. Fooling around the customers..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "A good product in the range. Light and stylish..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "It's a good mobile....So far it's working perfect"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Wonderful experience by using this smart phone..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "It's a bad products,charger has been not working."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "All categories GoodWhat halmat was not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "using is easyand it make life and time easy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "No problem, evertyhing is fine.smooth transaction"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Some time it get heated ..in 9 k  u can go for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "Moto G Play is the best deal in this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Only problem is there is no gallery in phone ! ''"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Phone is good but front camera take mirror image."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Some days use scratch appears in My phone screen"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Excellent phone go for it..the best phone under9k"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Good phone but something's needs to be corrected. Battery awesome lasts long. Charger brilliant charges very fast. Back camera good in daylight, not good in lowlight, flash is not that great. Not a great phone for music, headset is worst. Radio needs improvement when turned on the voice is not stable is goes high n turns low in intervals. Overall OK phone in this price. Not happy but."
 [1] "Good phone. good service from amazon."
 [2] "Front cam not working... Worst mobile"
 [3] "nice packing......and awesome phone.."
 [4] "Itz awsm......front camera is so good"
 [5] "Good quality product for the segment."
 [6] "Battery is no longer for this handset"
 [7] "Phone is good.. Bt lags little bit..."
 [8] "It's a nice phone with good cameras ."
 [9] "Arrival was before the commited date."
[10] "Only problem  charging  led not found"
 [1] "Very good. Reasonable cost and good performance."
 [2] "NiceIf you by this product you feel awsm★✌"      
 [3] "Worked perfect and fast, not a given any trouble"
 [4] "Nice phone but Jio app is not allowed video call"
 [5] "Excellent phone and services by Amazo, thank you"
 [6] "don't expect much... it's only for a normal user"
 [7] "Not using personally but received a good report."
 [8] "Its really a great deal in such budget...love it"
 [9] "The phone is awesome, battery is also very good."
[10] "Not up to the mark in display , building quality"
 [1] "Good phone with almost all features in budget..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "I did not receive the coupon code for power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Problem start from the beginning that mic is totally out of service.During calling mic is not working.Now when i can got this replacement problem arises which takes a long time now and i am without a mobile.I think Amazon will look this to solve and issue replacement and also .Getting tired from this senerio.I can update my review after replacement that how Amazon done this"
 [4] "I'm writing this after one month usagePros:1. Touch is very smooth. (Earlier I had horrible experience with Lumia 535)2. Battery is coming for minimum two days for my usage (I'm a moderate user)3. Spec wise it is very good option at this price band.4. Camera quality is decent. (both front and back)Cons:nothing I found so far ..."                                              
 [5] "i was promised a power bank with my phone, but i didn't get the power bank."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "Device is very light weight compare to my moto g2. Overall a handy phone at this price. Got it ib deal wid exchange of samsung s advance at this price tag its a steal deal wid 1.5k gv frm amazonPros 2 gb ram, quad core snapdragon processors better than mediatek...11gb inbuilt free memory for storage. 32gb card supported no hybrid sim. Battery life is very good."             
 [7] "The phone battery is very bad at the momeny, the battery will not charge."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Nice and good mobile and also very good service"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "good product in less price. I am happy with it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Worth for the price don't expect more than that"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "As expected...Best at performance..."
 [2] "Great Product in this price range..."
 [3] "Video calling facility not available"
 [4] "All functions of mobile is excellent"
 [5] "Good service. Quality good. No issue"
 [6] "Delivered 2 days earlier, thanks!,😉" 
 [7] "Didnt get powerbsnk with moto g play"
 [8] "Awesome cell phone..no heating issue"
 [9] "It's ok... but not to expectation..."
[10] "Good featured phone with this range."
 [1] "Good phone in the given price range."                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "I am very satisfy with this product."                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "No power bank in box.this is cheting"                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Faster, Smarter, Better all in one."                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "I love  it....... waiting for nougat"                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "Product is good. Only concern is while charging I observed heat, is that normal?"                                                                                              
 [7] "This phone is good as compared to other brands. I'd recommend at this price tag."                                                                                              
 [8] "The product i found is absolute good packed and nice product! thanx to amazon.in"                                                                                              
 [9] "Light weightNot heating even after hours of continous use as wifi hotspot"                                                                                                     
[10] "Very good..... I use this mobile Moto G4 play is superb camera quality is awesome as per 8mp.and front was 5mp....Super battery life and no hang or no hit.....Just go for it."
 [1] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "I like it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Good deal"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "ITS GOODS"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "I switched on g4play from a Xperia z3 and I think this Moto is quite impressive. Great battery life, quite good build and overall specs pretty fine for the VERY low price I've paid (149Â€)! Only camera is not that good compared to Xperia one, but in proper decent conditions you can get quite reasonable pics. Overall,i'm totally satisfied with my Moto!"
[10] "I love this phone,1. Rear camera is average and selfie camera ok for selfie2. Charging backup if use 4G then 15 hours backup  and gaming then 10 hours and only calls then 20 hours3. No volte option for calls4. UI is good5. Slim and handy6.OTG supporting7. No finger lock Overall good phone"                                                                
 [1] "Fantastic product, price n delivery" "Good phone only battery disappoint."
 [3] "Superb as always... Moto u rocks..." "Superb phone for this mush of cast."
 [5] "Still Waiting for a free power bank" "Nice phone, expecting Nougat Update"
 [7] "naic phone but power bank not given" "Super mobile thanks Amazon and moto"
 [9] "Best of mine from all other mobiles" "nice product in this price range..."
 [1] "nice mobile ,good camera ,total phone is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Worst mobile, I don't like, I think it is not original moto mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "Please do not buy this phone I got my phone Moto g4 play 12th Sept 2016 & after 15 days phone is started billing with orange background this product is not good I made complaint on Amazon customer care they promise me they will help me continually I followed with Amazon regarding my issue but after 4 days Amazon customer service executive told me they unable to help me because item returned date is expired. They told me to contact Manufacturer service center . 04 days continually Amazon service center executive gave me different stories. I think they are waiting to expired item return date. Now I have defective mobile which is not working properly with in 15 days of purchased. So I am recommending everyone do not buy any product from Amazon."
 [4] "I am giving 3.5 star to this phone...It's an average phone in this price range...Looks good ....10 hours battery backup in regular use....Little bit hanging  problem...Good camera....Display light is too good...Sound is too good...Easy to handle...Overall good buy in this range...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "A budget friendly smartphoneLoved it !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "I want Chang this handset is restart problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Not good one at this price comparing others."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Good phone But Not better then Moto E3 Power"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Had a minor scratch to the product received."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "good phone, good deal, good delivery! Thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Good phone both the cameras r good" "Awesome phone in this price range."
 [3] "Perfect purchase. Good item bought" "The product is good for this cost."
 [5] "It good phone in this price range." "Nice mobile as I expected to moto."
 [7] "Battery backup is very pour lowest" "What about prices and cash back???"
 [9] "One of d loveliest phone till date" "Gud phone with attractive features"
 [1] "Power bank not received which free"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Power bank & Jio Sim not received."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Excellent product. Value for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "For this price .. its a good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Charger is not working...my bad..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "The phone battery is very bad at the momeny, the battery will not charge."                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Worst product. 10 minutes of usage I feel like throwing it away. But as per return policy I can't return it. So right now it is just packed and lying on desk. I bought for call quality as my Redmi 2 prime is having call quality problems. But this one seems to be much worse."
 [8] "very nice one in this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Its another good device from Moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Good product.delivery was on time"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Good"                                       
 [2] "Good phone in 6750 price.using sbi cashback"
 [3] "best mobile in this range, and best in use."
 [4] "Very bad service by Motorola service centre"
 [5] "It's a good cell phone at this price point."
 [6] "Very good quality. Got it delivered in time"
 [7] "Nice meet all the expectations. Mast hai 👍" 
 [8] "Nice phone. Fits my budget and requirements"
 [9] "good for normal users,value for money"      
[10] "not yet received yatra ecash mobile is good"
 [1] "Very good phone  but little heating problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "where is the Battery bank and other coupons"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "A genuine branded phone at excellent price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Its realyy a nice product for this price..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "its a very Good 4g phone in low price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "Product was pretty good... Worth of money.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Everything is great except display quality."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "moto g4 play quality is 3rd class and design is very old model,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Awesome mobile.All the features are excellent.l love it.and also friendly service by Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "It's been a month, I bought it.Amazon one day delivery got void.Phone is working well so far but it get heated after continuous use or calling while charging.At same price, i bought samsung on 7 & redmi 3s prime from different sellers.Best of all is, redmi 3s prime...Kudos to it."
 [1] "This is a China productSo i say not choose this product"
 [2] "Excellent product, Good service by Amazon."             
 [3] "Good phone and battery backup is also good"             
 [4] "Very good service and originally product.."             
 [5] "good and product meets all the expectation"             
 [6] "Good product worth a buy.delivered on time"             
 [7] "this is ok  but not as amaon description ,"             
 [8] "Phone is nice but recieved defective piece"             
 [9] "faced issues with the phone within a week."             
[10] "Nice phone, features at this lowest price."             
 [1] "One of the best phone in given price range"
 [2] "It is one of the best phone in this range."
 [3] "It's good to use good mobile in this range"
 [4] "Battery is not good. Discharges very fast."
 [5] "Good phone for the price; I am enjoying it"
 [6] "Battery and device performance is too good"
 [7] "Mobile good but iam expectations not reach"
 [8] "Zook code not received. Airtel offer also."
 [9] "DIDNT GOT THE POWERBANK but phone is great"
[10] "No power bank received with the mobile...."
 [1] "Very nice phones no lag and looking decent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Excellent phone under 10k,No Heating issues. Charging very fast. Battery is good.No doubt go for it.Redmi phones heating issues."                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Amazing phone at this price rate if you are looking for brand phone under 10000 then Go for it... It's now almost 30+ days I'm using this phone but didn't face any problem yet... Rapid charging is plus point of this phone...! Ask me if you have any doubt... Only thing bad about it is that it doesn't support VR."
 [4] "Look wise it is good. I bought this phone a month ago. Today very first time I used my ear phones which I received along with box. I can hear only one side. I tried with other ear phones but no use. I am trying find out where is the service centre. If I visit service centre what kind of reasons they will give." 
 [5] "My phone has some hanging problem as it hangs while charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Very bad"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Awesome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Good one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Best buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Nice one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Nice one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Thankyou"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "pure stock android experience. Might be costly compared to other brands, but it's worth because of clutter free stock android OS. No heating issues faced till now, using it for over a month. Not for gaming, but for regular use it's perfect. Best option for those who wants durable phone in this price range."
 [5] "A perfect phone for everyday use. Battery is superb...I'm using both Jio and idea 4g and still it manages to last for a day....user interface is super smooth...display is good...I have galaxy s7 and was looking for a secondary phone...but now I'm using this phone more than my galaxy....highly recommend...."
 [6] "Got it just a week back and till now , I am just loving the product..No issues faced as such till now..Phone is looking classy and display is crisp and sharp..cameras are good and touch experience is just great..Great phone in this price range !!Very happy to have purchased this phone..Go for it !!"        
 [7] "Awful Camera both Front and Back.Overall very nice product i. e. complete package in OLD bottle.If you consider Quick Charging + Solid build + Splash proof + Very light in weight + Great Display + Stock Android + VOLTE,  this phone is for you else consider MEIZU M3S / REDMI 3S PRIME.thx"                    
 [8] "Mast hai ek dum makhan"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Nice batry backup and very first charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "It's a good hand set with my expectations"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Memory card slot is not working" "Heating and lag problem........"
 [3] "Nice products..user friendly..." "Nice hardware . Value for money"
 [5] "For this price phone was good.." "Very good mobile with low cost."
 [7] "Wow super speed and super phone" "Excellent mobile at this price."
 [9] "good phone on this prize all OK" "Good product from motorola!!!!!"
 [1] "Brilliant product! Full value for money !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Good phone in very reasonable price. 👌👌👌I can use several apps simultaneously and it still doesn't hang. Good phone. Easily lasts more than a day.Worth buy for someone looking to buy a phone to be used not just in India but rest of the world as well. Its take just 30 min to charge 100% .and mobile is some wt slippery so shld be careful while handling. At last amazon delivery is good but im not satisfied wit packing."                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Bought this for my mum as I was using Moto X for more than 2 and a half years now, it it's still working great. The front camera is so good. It has amazing auto detect face feature and recognises multiple faces in a selfie. It's battery life is great as well. In medium to heavy usage it lasts all day."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "I have been using this phone from last one week. Although the phone perfomance is good and battery back up is also good.It works smoothly and perfectly fine.I'm happy to having this phone but after using serveral days i realised it's a used phone.I mean to say when i received the phone the seal was not genuine on top of that my battery packet was also opened..and i also haven't recived the power bank as promised by amazon."                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "Phone is having a problem, network goes off in between the call and call gets dropped. And again comes after the call gets dropped. It is not at all the network problem as in my other phones also I'm using the same network but this problem is not there. Please help me with this. And please reply."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "it is a very superb phone loaded with all the features that u can expect from a smart phone it is great value for each and every paisa that u guys are spending overall it is a very superb awesome product from motorola promoted by amazon i have been using this product for two days thanks to amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "The phone and its specifications are good for the price range. Front cam works nice but the rear cam is not upto the mark if compared to other phones with 8mp cam, it has no extra camera modes (slow mo, time lapse, paranoma etc) only HDR and night mode is available till now. games such as temple run, pokemon go (without AR), mini militia works fine without any lag or other issues. the phone speakers are not so loud. 2800mAH battery lasts full day,turbo Charging works good as well (20% charge in 15mins). the phone is very light in weight and has a very good and user friendly UI"
 [8] "This phone is too good in this price...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Best smart phn& Camera quality osm"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "nice handset. on time delevery by amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Not reliable. Not received the power bank which was offered free."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Very decent and light weight phone with good battery, display. Pretty camera especially when you use it with google camera app. Moreover almost stock like experience, which you'll barely get in other devices except nexus phones. Pretty smooth experience despite of a quad core snapdragon 410 processor.  Front facing speaker with sound and clear sound output. This is the best of google that can be offered in 9k. Although motorola is owned by lenovo now, the phone doesn't work or feel cheap, in terms of both software and hardware, especially in a country like ours.Although I can experience occasional lags while playing high end games with maximum resolution.But for daily usage like browsing, texting, calling  and gaming is flawless. Get it."
 [3] "Guys its awesome phone.works excellent and also dont get hanged."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Good product.. worth the money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "Good phone in this price range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "Good Buy for the price you pay"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "This phone very nice i love it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Good phone best at this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Very wel exprience with motog4"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "No return 15%  Cashback amount"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Good phone at affordable rate." "Nice mobile and worth on Price"
 [3] "Best mobile with best price..." "Hi I am Sami Good product 4  g"
 [5] "Best mobile under 10000 rs ..." "Gud phone for this price range"
 [7] "Great product. Worth for money" "good phone in this price range"
 [9] "Yes it is nice worth for money" "Except for the size I like it."
 [1] "Superb phone on time delievery"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Low budget good mobile........"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "NICE PHONE IN AFFORDABLE PRICE"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Motorola Best company in world"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Didn't get the free power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "I m not received my power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Good phne,and 9000 value phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Its just awesome in this price range.I am using this phone from last 4 months & till today i have not faced any problem.let me tell u one thing till today i have purchased 4 Moto G play for my family.so u must go with this...."
 [9] "It's a pretty good phone.Not expected this much for this price."                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "moto g4 play quality is 3rd class and design is very old model,"                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "If we get red mi 3 prime on the same prices with 3 gb ram 32 gb internal storage plus finger print scan.  Why  choose this mobile."                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "perfect mobile for regular use.. good battery backup....fast charging...nice voice clearity.. attractive look.... nice performance"                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Total faulty phone.please don't buy this finds.who comment in this phone as good than he is the Amazon broker.totaly it is bad bad bad please don't buy...no refund ,no dual standby,no direct vdo calling option ,heating problem more and more ,and many more. Plz find buy this..."
 [4] "This is a China productSo i say not choose this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Very good phone at this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Amezing product in low budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Good product . Happy to use ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "Best peace in amazing price ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "While talking it's get heated"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Nice phone. value for money ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Not getting free powerbank with mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Awesome products, before time delivery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "After delivery feedback on drained in charge there is no replies from yourend. How this phone is draining the battery soon. I am using it very less..Also the back side of thephone is heating.. I was really not expected from at least American company like Amazon.."
 [4] "Phone is very good but there are 4g internet problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "An useful smart mobile for light user."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "Enjoying it. Worthy buy at this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Mobile is good but both camera is poor"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Good but price should be brought down."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Good, plastic cover is rather fragile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Nice phone and features in this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "It started getting hot don't bye it..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Very good Mobile and very good service"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Thanks lenovo for taking over motorola"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Heat problem, battery backup also less"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "good but content not attach in Massage"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Loved it... excellent low budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Frinds it's good mobile @ 9k from moto"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Very nice mobile, liked it very much.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "The phone is dead within 6 days of ordering it. The device doesn't start even after putting it on charge for 6 hours. Amazon offers no help even when the device is within the replacement warranty deadline. This is open FRAUD. Never buy Moto products, specially from Amazon."
[10] "In less than 2 months, phone conked off. There is also high rate of heating during a call. Very very poor product from Moto G.Extremely disappointing as I had considered Moto G product to be of high standard. This is my third Moto G purchase and probably the last."         
 [1] "Very bad product shouldn't buy anything from amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "very good features and good battery life ,fast charging and nice look"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Received the delivery a day early (Seller is too fast)....Nice packing and mobile performance is out of my expectations....It is simply awesome.... I  give a rate of satisfactory 5/5 or 10/10 to buy a product from Amazon.Moto G Play, 4th Gen (White)"                                                                                                          
 [4] "Ordered mobile on Jan 1 st. Got delivered on 2nd Jan. Good budget mobile. I feel mobile is getting hot while using.fits in hand perfectly. Good for single hand users. But edges are very smooth got slipped few times. It's better to use the mobile wth hard outer case."                                                                                         
 [5] "Excellent! 😍 Omg ! It's awesome for its price. In the beginning I was afraid to buy this. But yet ordered and was waiting for the delivery of the product, on time delivery😊 packing was not bad, but I could have been even more better !! It's been one week I have been using this mob.  No issues. No heating prblm.  Camera is good. It's best for its price 😊"
 [6] "Good phone for the price.If you can spend 1500-2000 more get a Moto G4 to get following advantages over this phone:Bigger screenBigger batteryFast chargingCons: Lack of compass sensor makes navigation a difficult task"                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Goodone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Great product and weightless."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "nice product & arraving early"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "It was a gift. Can't comment."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "Very nice product......thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "My phone has some hanging problem as it hangs while charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "If you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons. it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."
 [7] "I have been using Moto G since 3 years without any complaint. So that I bought Moto G play 4th Gen and expected more about this product. but I am not satisfied on this product.Positive : Camara quality.Negative : The phone looks like 5.5 inch but the screen size is 5 inch only. I don't know why they manufacture like phone size is large but actual screen size less.Finally, Moto G 1st Gen is pretty good but not  Moto G play 4th Gen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Wonderful phone...Nice product from Motorola. Was in a great confusion bw E3 power and G4 play but finally decided to go with G4 play.Today I got JIO sim and checked it was 4g VOLTE, it was the only function for which I paid extra 1000 bucks, Worth the money.fully satisfied. Battery performance is a little bit average."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "nice product at this price ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Awesome phone for this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "very nice & true value phone" "Nyc mobile at great price..."
 [3] "Very nice product from Moto." "I loved the phone. Must buy."
 [5] "good product value for money" "good mobile in budget phones"
 [7] "Gd one but not satisfactory." "Awesome mobile in low budget"
 [9] "Wortbul product on the price" "Speaker not working properly"
 [1] "Good product, better than I expected."
 [2] "Heating issues  battery drains fastly"
 [3] "Your response is not good as expected"
 [4] "Fantastic phone Moto G4 Play........."
 [5] "Nice mobile.... Best in stock android"
 [6] "Iskr sath power bank free tha ni diya"
 [7] "very good phone in compared to motoE3"
 [8] "Good betery backup good camera result"
 [9] "It is good phone, cost wise bit more."
[10] "it's such a amezing phone. I like it."
 [1] "Best phone in this price tag" "My power bank is not collect"
 [3] "The product is extraordinary" "Decent phone at decent price"
 [5] "Nice mobile and gud features" "nice phone working very well"
 [7] "Free power bank not received" "Service is the best I lik it"
 [9] "nice phone with good looking" "Super"                       
 [1] "All functions of mobile is excellent"
 [2] "Good service. Quality good. No issue"
 [3] "Delivered 2 days earlier, thanks!,😉" 
 [4] "Didnt get powerbsnk with moto g play"
 [5] "Awesome cell phone..no heating issue"
 [6] "It's ok... but not to expectation..."
 [7] "Good featured phone with this range."
 [8] "Good phone in the given price range."
 [9] "I am very satisfy with this product."
[10] "No power bank in box.this is cheting"
 [1] "Faster, Smarter, Better all in one."                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "I love  it....... waiting for nougat"                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "I don't get free power bank. How can I get back"                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "All futures really gud..super..₹ paisa vasul 👌"                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "Problem in mic occurred  & they R not giving refund ...U can only replace the item...really disappointed."                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "I have used this phone for last six days and totally satisfied with the product."                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Product as explained superb delivery thank you"                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Headphone jack was faulty. After a week only the problem started, whenever i plug in the headphones and take it back mobile speaker stopped working. No sound at all from any speaker, neither the on call speaker nor the loudspeaker to play music."
 [9] "Very good in each & every class"                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "I just joved it. It is so smooth 😘"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Good product but delivery was late." "Delivered much earlier, I loved it."
 [3] "Ya good phone..faster ...on testing" "Awesome mobile.... Get performance."
 [5] "Fantastic product, price n delivery" "Good phone only battery disappoint."
 [7] "Superb as always... Moto u rocks..." "Superb phone for this mush of cast."
 [9] "Still Waiting for a free power bank" "Nice phone, expecting Nougat Update"
 [1] "Good product in this range." "Good serviceExcellent"      
 [3] "Nice...battery backup super" "Good phone for a good price"
 [5] "Still no issues. Let's see." "Nice product worth of money"
 [7] "Colorful phone...like Candy" "Prompt delivery. Nice phone"
 [9] "i am happy with the product" "Good camera & Good Battery."
 [1] "excellent product but little scratch on side chrome and  just now opened earphones and they are totally not working .... performance wise mobile is great ... but now i would have to buy new earphone which will cost me another 600 bucks ..."                                                            
 [2] "This is the idiotic phone with countless software issues. Only 3 service centres are there in Bangalore. Customer care people are not aware of the product and service center people are also not responding properly. Please do not buy this."                                                             
 [3] "MOTO mobiles have become one of the worst mobiles, after 6 months of purchasing moto g3 3rd gen....battery runs for 3-4 hrs, its damn slow...it hangs too much...one of the worst mobile of my lifetym...i recommend never to buy moto phones"                                                              
 [4] "Look is a great and nic phone a small budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "My phone is defected. I got to knw that when I insert a memory card in ir. After 10 days I insert the memory card I got to knw that memory card sometimes show and after the passes of time it didn't show. I want to be replaced my mobile."                                                               
 [6] "No SD Card on Device, though the write up indicates a 16 GB Card. Also no Power Bank or Coupon Code for Power Bank. It remains to be seen if Airtel will give a 15 GB plan free as indicated. There is no instructions given on how to claim this offer. Phone otherwise looks decent. Only time will tell."
 [7] "Phone is good and value for money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Good mobile in this price range..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Awesome phone in this price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Perfect purchase. Good item bought"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "The product is good for this cost." "It good phone in this price range."
 [3] "Nice mobile as I expected to moto." "Battery backup is very pour lowest"
 [5] "What about prices and cash back???" "One of d loveliest phone till date"
 [7] "Gud phone with attractive features" "Power bank not received which free"
 [9] "Power bank & Jio Sim not received." "Excellent product. Value for money"
 [1] "Charger is not working...my bad..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Nice Product we can use it as video call to"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Quality of the product is so poor. I purchased it as like Motorola but it was Lenovo. I got faulty device of Zuk Z1. They never got returned nor repaired saying it outof warranty .My suggestion, don't buy Lenovo product."                                                      
 [4] "Hopeless product.  Was delivered to me in 15/09/2016. Since then I have been putting request for replacement of the product but no response from Team Amazon.It has heating issue.Facebook & facebook Messenger not working. GPRS also not accurate.The processor is also too slow"
 [5] "The product was ordered for my father,who is senior citizen. He is using the same approx 20 days. The product is very user friendly, battery back up is good (no gaming, no movie).  Camera quality is not good as compared to Moto g3"                                            
 [6] "Good one! My wife bought it and it seems to be working pretty well as opposed to the Moto e2 which she had earlier. The processing is real good ( no lags or delays ), the camera is pretty good as well. Overall she recommends it."                                              
 [7] "Sir I HAVE ORDERED MOTO G4 PLAY BUT DID'NT GOT ANY OFFERS MENTIONED"                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "The product replaced my previous phone and i am happy with the purchase. phone is lightweight and is if perfect size. Clarity is good. Rest of the features yet to be explored.  Will revise review after using for few more days."                                                
 [9] "Worst mobile ever seen ,speakers are worst sounds like drum ,voice is not clear over call.They didn't given power bank still cheaters.Don't know where Amazon tech team is sleeping,not even notice these kind of fake promises"                                                   
[10] "Phone is very good.camera is also good in this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Nice phone in this budget." "Mike & speaker not working"
 [3] "Didn't get the power bank." "Best budget mobile in 9k.."
 [5] "Superb phone at this range" "Good product at this price"
 [7] "i didnt receive power bank" "Best in this price segment"
 [9] "Brilliant product must buy" "Moto g 4 excellent product"
 [1] "power button got broke off"                          
 [2] "Phone is very good but there are 4g internet problem"
 [3] "Very bad product shouldn't buy anything from amazon" 
 [4] "Good One for decent price"                           
 [5] "Best device for my usage."                           
 [6] "Nice phone in 5-8K range."                           
 [7] "Good quality and best buy"                           
 [8] "good for this price range"                           
 [9] "Enough well & Economical."                           
[10] "good phone for less price"                           
 [1] "I purchased Moto G Play mobile.Now it create problem.I brought it on 19th October .I want to replace my product it not working well but when I request for return it called me tech support which show that my product working well. so please tell me how can I replace this product ."
 [2] "I'm not much of a tech-freak and neither do I know too much. This phone was recommended to me and I am loving it. It's easy to use, has sufficient storage and takes great pics. Kudos to Amazon for delivering it so fast too."                                                        
 [3] "I got my phone..How to avail power bank.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "The mobile I ordered is good but as per our ads if I used my SBI credit card for the purchase I would get a  cash back of 15%  but my credit card statement does not show any cash back given.Pl look into the matter urgently"                                                         
 [5] "Product quality is OK kind, it is not same motorola model which it used to be prior to being sold to Lenovo. Looks like cheap model at this price with old specs. Better to spend a little extra and buy samsung J2 of On7 pro"                                                         
 [6] "Better"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Superb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Superb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "Superb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Hardware Specification is completely bogus....this phone is really good one...camera to speed everywhere the phone is satisfactory,value for paid money....I heavily recommend to purchase that phone for sub 9k phone buyer"                                                           
 [1] "Its a moto! and it performs outstandingly well, after being used like crazy!The product was well packed and sealed product. The phone itself works like charm and there has been no issues so far. the only glitch is the free powerbank which is due to be shipped!"            
 [2] "Some noise coming out from the speakers. I'm using JIO sim in this. Signals for both SIMs are restoring frequently. I need to check with service center for these problems. I've used this from last 1 week. Keep you update more about this product after using some more days."
 [3] "I have receive my moto 4g play but i do not have receive a free power bank which was free with the mobileAnd i also do note receive any code for that  So i have to know when i will receive my free power bank"                                                                 
 [4] "Technically speaking this phone is too good for tech savey peoples cause it having good config. 16Gb / 2gb / 5\" / 8mp /5 mp its good enogh for use its gets in just 9k rupees this will be good returns for your money."                                                        
 [5] "Phone is good but didnt recive powerbank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "got this phone today, till now no issues"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Excellent phone better than redmi note 3 for sure"                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "this phone is better than redmi 3s Prime..  i bought two one moto g play and redmi 3s prime from flipKart......both phones working well...but after 2 month use you easily found what quality mean...."                                                                          
 [9] "Fine .good display.soft working."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Phone Bettery backup is not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Good phone in this budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "nice  i am very satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Nice mobile from Motorola"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Good mobile at Good price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Price little bit higher.Inbuilt memory should be 32 GB.Rest all functions are good.Mainly Volte feature.I didn't got 10000 mah powerbank and suddenly they announced Big shopping Days from 1 to 5 October after 10 days in which they were giving it free of cost on buying the phone. I also bought that phone than you should give it to me too. What is wrong with those who had bought earlier. Delivery is thing that will make you more compatible with Flipkart.See Delivery time of Flipcart and compare it with yours. You are far way behind."                            
 [6] "The Size, Quality, Weight is quite appreciable.Phone is good in each and every aspects. Camera is better than any other companies having the same price range. Battery durability is quite good, but I think it could have been a little bit better but it lasts long. Turbo Charing is an awesome feature. According to the Price, the Phone gives every feature with proper desired quality.No Heating, no Lagging, no OS Hang issues like others have.I Love the Phone.Thanks to Amazon for its Faster Delivery because I got this phone within 24 hours after placing the order."
 [7] "It is average mobile, those who would like to go for best camera, it may not be suitable in budget segment.In the above product details, they mentioned that both sims support 4G, whereas only SIM-1 supports 4G and other one support only 2G.Pros:1. Good Looking2. Camera is quite Okay, if you are able to capture pictures without shake your hands3. Batter is good4. Touch and good responsiveCons:1. Averange camera and no Optical Image Stabilation (OIS)2. SIM-2 doesn't support 4G"                                                                                     
 [8] "Excellent product but it is not give me jio sim."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "good mobile for low cost"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Excellent....gud working"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Good phone in this range" "Nice phone,awwwwsome cam"
 [3] "Very handy, good product" "Best phone in this range"
 [5] "Not good heating problem" "Good picture high speeds"
 [7] "Good product.. Very nice" "Greater than good mobile"
 [9] "Best phone in this price" "Gd product worth for mny"
 [1] "Awesome phone with in the budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Nice but doesn't have gyroscope."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "I love it. this  is very perfect"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Perfect product .Good camera quality front & back. (Working as 13mp & 5mp even though it's a 8mp&5mp)slightly lagging (If you use mote than 10apps at a time but not much)nice audio & video quality"                                                                                                      
 [5] "Moto G4 play s amazing & excellent cameraso happy & enthusiast while using each time. but if I insert pendrive,, & when i explore photos n videos.. As when I opt  video,it is showing It is  that it \"Supports only Local files\".. don't know what to do..Is there any Manual settings...Please help me"
 [6] "4g mobile was booked and expected delivery on 16th Nov 2016. I was waiting leaving other important job but today I came to know the parcel was refused.kindly let me know who has refused and resend the parcel"                                                                                           
 [7] "Nice phone. Just a small question. Do we have any insurance cover on this. till now i've bought a lot of online phones and i got an insurance cover paper with it. Is the same applicable to this phone aswell?"                                                                                           
 [8] "nice phone but Amazon didn't commit for what was offered in the offer.\"Moto G Play, 4th Gen (White) With Free Power Bank ( New)\" didn't get the Power Bank and the Phone cover is short in size."                                                                                                        
 [9] "Good,but sometimes hanging....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "good mobile & best fetchers...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Best Mobile in this price range" "Memory card slot is not working"
 [3] "Heating and lag problem........" "Nice products..user friendly..."
 [5] "Nice hardware . Value for money" "For this price phone was good.."
 [7] "Very good mobile with low cost." "Wow super speed and super phone"
 [9] "Excellent mobile at this price." "good phone on this prize all OK"
 [1] "No more words. It's good"                       
 [2] "Product worth the price."                       
 [3] "Great product.worth buy!"                       
 [4] "Very satisfied thank you"                       
 [5] "scree vibration is there"                       
 [6] "Worth for offered price."                       
 [7] "Power bank not received."                       
 [8] "awesome.no more comments"                       
 [9] "So Good at this price..."                       
[10] "I don't get free power bank. How can I get back"
 [1] "It reached before  i expected.."                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Ever since I have purchased the mobile without any reason it hangs . I think I made a big mistake. There is something seriously wrong with the software..... Please buy anything other than this model.#sic"                                 
 [3] "Mobile Display is getting faded after 6 months. Display getting memory effect and not refreshing in side .Customer care and support is not there. I am still in Gurentee but not able to do anything"                                        
 [4] "I bought moto g play. Its back camera is good but front camera  superb battery backup very good .loud music but its mic on a front of phone its dust problem, body design average, any way very good phone"                                  
 [5] "Nice mobile and grate delivery experience in amazon.....I love it. I booked mobile 27th Sep night 10PM and i got delivery next day morning 11AM.. On time delivery and i got delivery call morning also."                                    
 [6] "ik dam bakwas mobile sabse ghtaiya brand. isse the best to MI K bhi mob hai.1. Heating problem 2.network issue 3. totaly  google update karke chipka diya inka apna kuch ni hai. koi music player nahi badiya koi option available nahi hai."
 [7] "It item is defective, the camera doesnt seem to be working and the mic doesnt work at all, when i call they cant hear me, what the use of a phone when the mic doesnt work?? i need a replacement ASAP!"                                     
 [8] "Camera and flash light cover not adjust properly.Video does not play properly. After few sec video stopped playing for min while audio running therefore audio and video not synchronously."                                                 
 [9] "worst camera quality waste of money."                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "This is a very gud phone to use. It does not hang and has a lot of positives. I'm very much pleased with this product and that it was available at low rate in Amazon. It also was delivered promptly"                                       
 [1] "Very nice in this price" "Am not at all satisfied"
 [3] "Fine in all aspects...." "Best phone nice looking"
 [5] "Yes a very good product" "Nice mobile..Nice price"
 [7] "Best phn at this price!" "Superb mobile i like it"
 [9] "A cost effective mobile" "Awesome phone I hd ever"
 [1] "Great product. Worth for money" "good phone in this price range"
 [3] "Yes it is nice worth for money" "Except for the size I like it."
 [5] "Superb phone on time delievery" "Low budget good mobile........"
 [7] "NICE PHONE IN AFFORDABLE PRICE" "Motorola Best company in world"
 [9] "Didn't get the free power bank" "I m not received my power bank"
 [1] "It was nice experience."                     
 [2] "Battery to be more fuel"                     
 [3] "Very.good.nicesmartphon"                     
 [4] "Look is a great and nic phone a small budget"
 [5] "Good"                                        
 [6] "Nice"                                        
 [7] "Good"                                        
 [8] "Good"                                        
 [9] "Good"                                        
[10] "Good"                                        
 [1] "Best" "good" "Good" "Cool" "Best" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "good" "Good"
 [1] "nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "PROS:1. The display resolution is only a HD panel but because of the smaller 5 inch size the pixel density is higher than a 5.5 inch. Color representation, saturation and brightness are evenly balanced with good viewing angles.2. Its processor is powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset which is kind of decent.3. Along with that it comes with a primary memory of 2 GB. Now compared to its counterparts its more than enough as Moto devices are completely bloatware free.4. Next Moto G4 Play pros is that for gaming the graphics is powered by Adreno 306 which runs many of the high end games smoothly.5. Consumers buy Motorola smartphones primarily for their clean software. And yes this one is absolutely clean which is almost stock Android. The version of the Marshmallow 6.0.1 which is currently the latest one.6. While many smartphones are ditching their memory card slot, this smartphone has a got dedicated one. It can be expanded up to 128 GB with the help of a microSD card.7. Another Moto G4 Play pros is the nano coating over the smartphone display provides water repellent feature. (But remember that this is not water resistant).8. The battery capacity is of 2800 mAh which is enough for a 5 inch screen smartphone to last throughout the day even for an avid user.9. For the protection of the display it comes with a Corning Gorilla 3.10. And yes it has a fast battery charging technology, not Quick Charge though but with a 10 watt rapid charger.**************************************************************CONS:1. The first is the quality of both the 8 megapixel primary camera and 5 megapixel secondary camera is not good in low light condition. The LED flash helps a little but not much to remove grains. The reason is because of the smaller f/2.2 focal aperture.2. Next Moto G4 Play cons is that despite being a small 5 inch smartphone it still feels bulky due to the thickness of 9.9 mm. This is too thick in today’s standard.3. At the current price tag there are dozens of smartphones that does comes with a fingerprint sensor, but this one ain’t got one.4. Another Moto G Play 4th Gen cons is that there is no dedicated navigational touch buttons below the screen. The screen is already a small one and the navigation’s are all placed on the screen itself.5. And finally the last Moto G Play (4th Gen) cons is that there is no gyroscope sensor.*******************************************Good but nothing to impress. But in case if you are looking for a better alternative smartphone that removes some of the cons, then this is the one.THANKYOU."
 [8] "Design very well 5starTouch is smooth 5Camera is too badFront 3Back 3Battery performance super 5I used this mobile last 2 months I don't find any small thing of issues hats off to moto g4 playVery very disappointed notification light is does not have this phoneOtherwise very well Motorola deviceAll of OK but camera is small issues in low light but that is negligible"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Worst service by service center . 5 time has taken mobile yet not able to repair nor replace. I don't  understand why technical team is sitting who cannot repair"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Nice Product we can use it as video call to"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Well packed and nice product." "Very good product Moto 4 play"
 [3] "Excellent at this price range" "Very Good Phone in this price"
 [5] "Nice phone with the range...." "It's original and packed well"
 [7] "Nice phone everything is good" "Super Phone with All features"
 [9] "Excellent value for the money" "The best phone I ever brought"
 [1] "One of the Best Mobile" "Good phone by motorola" "Battery backup is good"
 [4] "Economic good hand set" "Value for the money..." "Nice entry level phone"
 [7] "New phone good camera." "Excellent budget phone" "I facing camera defect"
[10] "Very good performance."
 [1] "A good, budget device." "Speaker is not working" "Good phone under 10000"
 [4] "Where is my. Gift card" "Nice original products" "This is very excellent"
 [7] "Led sencer is not work" "best budget phone ever" "Finally mobile is good"
[10] "Excellent Phone. [...]"
 [1] "I loved the phone. Must buy." "good product value for money"
 [3] "good mobile in budget phones" "Gd one but not satisfactory."
 [5] "Awesome mobile in low budget" "Wortbul product on the price"
 [7] "Speaker not working properly" "Moto G best & Lovely Handset"
 [9] "Good handset with low price." "Nice product value for money"
 [1] "Battery is not that much gud" "Budget phone with out issues"
 [3] "This price of a good mobile." "Battery back up is not good."
 [5] "Awesome phone in this price." "Good looking and nice phone."
 [7] "Ultimate Phone at this price" "Best phone in this price tag"
 [9] "My power bank is not collect" "The product is extraordinary"
 [1] "Decent phone at decent price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Nice mobile and gud features"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "nice phone working very well"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Free power bank not received"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Service is the best I lik it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "nice phone with good looking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Pros : performance, display , best battery life (doze saves 30%),build quality, speaker (front facing just average sound) , headphone outputCons : camera (average)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Only one slot supporting VoLTE support but Other Sim Slot not supporting VoLTE. In web site they are written as both the Slots supporting VoLTE. They saying lies about product. I hate this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Camera:Camera is too good.Rear camera is 8 MP & Front Camera is 5 MP with dual LED Flash.Memory:Internal Memory 16 GB, where user can use 11.08 GBOS:Operating system is Android 6.0.1.RAM:2 GBBattery:Battery is also too good.In 2G Mode - Battery Backup for 2 or more days.In 3G Mode - Battery Backup for 1.5 days to 2 Days.In 4G Mode - Battery Backup for 1 Days.Screen:Screen resolution is very good also & the screen size is 5\"Sound:Its sound like dolby in its Headphone.Also Phone sound too good.Other features like WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS all are too good.Also the last thing is, after continue watching video or playing game, the phone is its normal temperature.I like this phone & My suggestion to you, if you want to buy a new phone, you can purchase it.Thanks to Moto & Thanks to Amazon."
[10] "It is ok but we don't have service center in our city . Had I known this earlier I wouldn't have bought it . Hope it will not need service and it will be ok for many years ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "What to say.....it is too bad...it is not like moto what we trust...Amazon and Lenovo u cheated people... please update yourself...and Lenovo think twice before you launch some product into market...from now am not going to any of the Lenovo as well as MOTO product....."
 [2] "Look is very good.Battery backup is also very good.Quick charging is excellent features in this phone.Camera is bad compared to other phone at this price."                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Good mobile in budget... 👍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Working very well. Good buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Nice phone with this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Mic problem after few days."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "good mobile with good price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Very good product delivered"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Good value for money phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "OKLow battery back up"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Fall in love with the phone" "close your eyes and buy it."
 [3] "Product appears to be good." "Best Budget Moto phone....."
 [5] "Great phone at great price." "It's gud,but heating isssue"
 [7] "Fully satisfied suprb phone" "Good Phone and apt delivery"
 [9] "Really so good mobile phone" "Wow 😳 interesting phone 📱"  
 [1] "OK good phone average"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "After using a month I am quite satisfied by this phone.. and I noticed the front camera of moto g4 play is better than moto g4 plus..Previously after using a week I posted negative comments for this phone but now I can say in this price moto g4 play is great option, comparison to moto e3 moto g4 play is much better.But I must say the return policy of amazon for electronic goods is worst."                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Writing this review after using the phone for 1 month and so..smooth Operating. Waiting for nougat 7.0 update. Update will be issued by end of the year it seems. Camera is good. Sound is pretty awesome. Fast charging is an added advantage. Battery apparently drains faster but we have fast charging option on the other hand. Redmi 3s mobiles require more than 3 hours for full charging but Moto G play get this done in an hour. Wanna be Mr. Power with Redmi or Mr.Smart with MOTO. Decide at your stake.Finally I would say value for money...."
 [4] "This is good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "meet my expectation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Camera clarity super"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "not working properly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Good one got in 6800"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "xllent fr this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "It's hanging no good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Good camera & Good Battery."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Go for it without any doubt"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "It is a good budget phone.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "I don't understand what the hell is in lenovo's mind as they keep launching exactly similar phones with s****y specs at higher price than it competitors like Xiaomi etc."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Within 2days it's screen got blur"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "Worst Product ever manufactured by Motorola , Lenovo has killed the brand. Mic issue, Heating issue and scrap customer service by amazon . This is going to be my last purchase in Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "I ever seen this kind of worset mobile in my life.Continues strukking,touch not properly working and software also problem.Please dont but it,waste of hardearned money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "This was my first Moto phone. Coming to the experience:Pros:It has a decent build qualityGood displayGrippy backWater and dust resistantButtery smooth performance.Cons:Camera produces lots of noise in daylight, while in low light, especially in night, the camera does poor. Flash is also not as expected.Battery: The phone has a battery of 2450mah which is really a less productive battery for this huge 5\" display phone. With average usage, the battery did almost 8 hrs while some devices in this range last for 15 to 18 hrs.Conclusion: Overall a good device with decent performance but if you are a camera crazy; this is not the device for you. Rather, you can go for Samsung On5 pro which offers a better camera and powerpacked batter of 2600mah which offers a talktime of almost 14hrs with above average use and with power saving mode, it lasts for even 20."
 [9] "Amazing phoneJust loved itLag free"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Friends Very bad quality. Do not buy this product. Problem in connecting wifi and internet. Camera quality not good. In this price better products available. Their customer service is pathetic"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "I am using this since last 7 days i have facing battery problem and i could not find smart dual sim option. Call it is not disconnected soon after press disconnect(red) button."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "I have never had such a bad experience with Amazon or Motorola before. This is my second Moto phone from Amazon and I ordered it blindly because of faith in the companies. I have been extremely disappointed. Not only does the device not function properly, I have received very poor response when I complained about it. Most of the time the phone just drops calls. Additionally, when calls are made through this phone, nobody can hear my voice. WhatsApp calls work but not normal calls. Reception is terrible. 7 out of 10 times my calls don't go through or people can't hear me. The smart check app only checks for audio and microphone, which work fine anyway. It's the phone's reception capacity that's faulty. There is no check for that. I have been complaining about the issue since 4 days and I was informed that a technician would come and check the device. But the person called once and never showed up. When you died 9000 bucks on a product, you expect to be treated better. Worse, as a Motorola customer my faith in the brand has been lost."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "My review=======================================starting of with my review it a good phone from motorola(lenovo) and it offers you lots and lots motorola is a brand which was previously a brand known by it name but now its bought by lenovo a well known chinese brand=======================================Specification=======================================The phone comes with 5 inch hd display 8 mega pixel camera and 5 mega pixel front facing camera 2gb ram for a better multitasking 16gb internal storage to store all your important things and expandable upto 128 gb Qualcomm snapdragon 410 and a 2800 mah battery (4g+4g)=======================================My opinion=======================================Its a good smartphone but at 8999 that means almost 9000 there are many company who offer you better spec at the same price like redmi 3s prime or coolpad note 3 both of this phone comes with finger print sensor 3gb of ram=======================================pros=======================================2800 mah all day battery with 10w rapid quickExpandable memory upto 128 gb=======================================Cons=======================================No finger print sensor at 90008 mega pixel camera while other company's  are offering 13 mega pixel camera=======================================If this review helped you please press that yes button  that means this review help you and by doing this you will help me=======================================Thank you for your precious time for reading this review till the end======================================="                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Why It is a wise decision to buy this phone?pros:-1) Very sturdy device with very descent looks.2) You get Motorola branded phone.3) All your day to day tasks are beautifully handled by the phone.4) Pure Android, and the best part is... if you ever wanted to buy a Nexus 6, but couldn't because of its high price, now you can have it by just spending 8,999/-. Yes! at least from software part.5) Descent cameras at this price range.(Don't believe the negative reviews, some people just expect a lot in exchange of very little.)6) Nice and premium display. No pixel visibility  at all.7) 5 inches display fits both your pocket and hand pretty easily.8) Descent battery backup. 1 full day for heavy users, 1 & 1/2 days for medium users, 2 days for light users.9) Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, with water repellent nano coating.10) All useful apps will run because of its 1.2 Ghz Snapdragon 410 processor & 2 GB ram.Cons:-1) Not a fancy looking device!2) No useless fancy feature!3) Not for Phone Maniacs!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Using this phone from last week.CPU: Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 64 bit. Though the cpu is quite old but still it is being widely used in many smartphones and has enough power to carry daily task efficiently. there are chances that this device soon will be upgraded to Android 7 Nougat. It also VoLTE which means reliance Jio sim is fully supported.O.S : It is Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. It is stock android means no preloaded apps and bloatwares. No lag and gaming experience is also very smooth.Memory: Inbuilt memory is 16 gb(Usable is approx. 12 gb) and further expandable to 128 gb via micro sd card. But i didn't find any settings where inbuilt apps are being moved to sd card or default storage path can be selected as sd card.RAM: 2 GB more than enough for day to day task.Display: It is 5\" IPS LCD display. The display quality is simply superb and it is crystal clear.Also there is glance screen but at very short period of time and you can see the messages on screen and clock even the screen is locked.Battery : Battery is 2800 mAh and it almost takes 2 hrs thanks for the 10w 2A rapid charger. Battery backup is really good even if you play heavy games or watch videos on youtube still gives one day battery backup.SIM slot : It is dual sim micro sim type and both sims supports 4G LTE. I placed my airtel 4G sim in both slots and 4G works perfectly. Also sd card is located above sim 1 slot and it is independent so there is no hybrid sim type.Also this phone also supports Full USB OTG. Call clarity is clear and there is no drop of signal or no network connectivity issues. Headphone experince is beastly but i suggest using 3rd party earphones such as Skullcandy OR JBL. Overall it is a budget android phone with clutter free android marshmallow which is fresh experience. This is my first moto smartphone and i am just enjoying it."
 [6] "I had Motorola walkie talkies as a child and am well aware that this is a super brand. I was looking at an affordable model for some time and this seemed to fit the bill. However, despite a good design and fast processor, the settings are cumbersome and not user friendly. With great difficulty I was able to set the APN settings of my 4G carrier Reliance and had to extensively manipulate the options to get at it (It requires lots of fiddling with permissions which are hard to find). I had to search the online help forums and finally got to set it. NOW, came the big NEGATIVE. My previous phones were seamlessly coupling with my JVC car audio system and I could hear phone calls and retrieve the phonebook on the LCD display. Moto G Play although connecting via bluetooth did not elicit any response on the car system. neither could I make or receive calls (which I always do by stopping the car - NEVER while driving), nor could I get the phonebook on my otherwise latest modern double DIN JVC system. Extensive search on the internet for 2 days (48 hours yielded no results). I searched forums and helplines with the keywords - Moto G Play/bluetooth connectivity/ marshmallow Android system.bluetooth, etc. NO RESULT. The searches led to American Moto help forums. I searched for Moto India Helpline: Found it, called, no response - the line was dead. I searched for the regional Moto landline number for North India in Chandigarh: The landline number which I found when dialed elicited the response: \"This Number Does Not Exist\" tried again by upgrading the firmware of my JVC system: No result. FINALLY, I took out my SIMS and went back to my old faithful LTE smartphone. My faith in Motorola stands shattered."                                                                                                                             
 [7] "This is quite an excellent phone for the price. What I wanted was a robust 5 inch phone costing less than 10k with a good battery life. I got just what I wanted."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Happy for its performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Awesome phone at its price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Very good product by Moto."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Supper good quality."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "worth product in 8k."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Performance is  low."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "I have not satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Good phone in budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Osum battery backup."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "i am using motog3 now...its simply awsome...thats the reason why i thought of buying a moto again when i thot of buying a phone for my brother...but it was disappointinggot my phone delivered today...crackling sound from speaker if the volume is raised above half level..i guess Lenovo just ruined MOTO brand!AMAZON..no returns!! It's redirecting me to an app..when I click return...very odd way..NEVER BUY FROM AMAZON"
 [8] "very good features and good battery life ,fast charging and nice look"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Excellent phone under 10k,No Heating issues. Charging very fast. Battery is good.No doubt go for it.Redmi phones heating issues."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "This is what i m nt gonna respecting from a brand like motorolaIts heating like heater not a communication device.Another thing is awfull.You can not return this product due to amazon new wrost policy .You hav to go to motorola care.Definately u know how they respond on these types of errors.Seriously dnt ever think to buy this phone.Fully depressed from both amazon and motorola"                                     
 [1] "worst camera quality waste of money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "- Good build quality- Dual SIM with additional slot for a memory card is something even slightly better phones miss out big time- Moto notifications peeking on lock screen is quite useful for me- Display is just above average, could do better, but amazing at the price point- VoLTE present"
 [3] "originally received"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "nice and good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Cash back nahi mila"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "good as expected..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "This phone is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Worth for that cost"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "Good smartphone...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Working as expected"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Very much satisfied" "Best budget phone ." "Nyc phone i like it"
 [4] "Too good till date!" "Amazing performance" "performance is nice"
 [7] "My brother loved it" "Overall it is best." "Great phone for 9K."
[10] "i love this product"
 [1] "I'm not much happy with the purchase. I didn't receive the complete items. As part of purchase, I was supposed to receive free power bank which I didn't get."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "The phone stopped after two days of use. It is not getting switched on. And there is no option to return the product also. Please suggest anyone what to do?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "No warranty card in box...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Very bad phone. Don't go for it. It doesn't pick up network, need to restart many times. Display quality also not good. Overall disappointed experience..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Product is ok but s/w limitations like u cannot copy any images,videos directly by connecting otg pendrive.but the same i done fine in samsung  galaxy j5."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "The latest in Lenovo’s Moto G collection of devices is the “Play” of the G4 (2016) generation. This device looks and feels extremely similar to its closest relatives, the Moto G4 and the Moto G4 Plus. The Moto G4 Play has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 (MSM8916) processor inside it with 4x Cortex-A53 1.4GHz CPU and an Adreno 306 GPU. With that is 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM and a replaceable 2800mAh battery.Battery life is good – a day of average use should be easy for most users – and a replaceable battery means that switching out for a second pack could make for a long trip without charging. Inside the Moto G4 Play is 16GB of internal storage – which I’ve mentioned as a “con” above. While a smartphone released in 2016 should, by all means, have at least twice that amount of internal storage, this Moto G4 Plus does, on the other hand, have a microSD card slot for storage expansion.The display on this device is 5.0-inches (a half-inch smaller than the Moto G4 and Plus), with 1280 x 720 pixels across it. This display works with IPS LCD technology and is decent. Inside the Moto G4 Play is 16GB of internal storage. The display on this device is 5.0-inches (a half-inch smaller than the Moto G4 and Plus), with 1280 x 720 pixels across it. This display works with IPS LCD technology and is decent.Below is a gallery of photos of the Moto G4 Play as captured outside on a cloudy day in the shade of a large building. It’s not direct sunlight, but it does show how well the display shows in an environment other than the deep dark of indoors.This device is lighter than its G4 friends at 137 grams instead of 155 grams, and comes in at a slightly smaller overall size as well at 144.4 x 72.0 x 8.95 mm (instead of the G4’s 153.0 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm).Where the real descent in quality comes is the camera. Both the front and the back camera are OK::::::::::::::::::::::::IF YOU LIKED MY REVIEW GUYS PLEASE HIT THAT HELPFUL BUTTON THERE YOUR ONE HELPFUL BUTTON HELPS A LOT::::::::::::::::::::::::"
 [7] "Its not what i expected... the camera quality is too bad... it also lack the appearance and is not at all user friendly... its a phone with dumb quality."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "I am trying to use Jio sim card. This sim supports VOLTE for calling. I have put Jio 4G sim in slot 1. Things are working fine and I am getting LTE and VOLTE signals.But at randomly, my LTE sim signal is getting lost and sim 1 is showing as no simcard or emergency calls only. All I need to do is to go to sim settings and disable sim 1 and again enabling it will bring signals back. This is happening randomly during a day and happening every 3 hours 7- 9 times in a day. I even dont know that signal is lost unless I take my phone of pocket for some other work. I have even tried to put second Jio 4G sim to check but same is happening with second sim also. As of now have to keep refreshing the phone every few hours as it stops working. I am missing calls and getting missed call messages.Overall having a bad experience with this phone in the last 48 hours."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Great deal for this phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Best Mobile on this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "It item is defective, the camera doesnt seem to be working and the mic doesnt work at all, when i call they cant hear me, what the use of a phone when the mic doesnt work?? i need a replacement ASAP!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Camera and flash light cover not adjust properly.Video does not play properly. After few sec video stopped playing for min while audio running therefore audio and video not synchronously."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "This is a very gud phone to use. It does not hang and has a lot of positives. I'm very much pleased with this product and that it was available at low rate in Amazon. It also was delivered promptly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Excellent mobile. Vaue for money.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Touch not working properly, Device hangs while using it, incoming calls are not audible at times, software is also not functioning properly. The product has just been brought. Please replace it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "The mobile is good to use but has a problem with typing vibration I have unchecked all vibration and could not able to type without vibration.  Also there is no option like vibrate on key press"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "All the configuration and phone performance was as expected and satisfactory. But the piece I received had scratches on the sides, if the piece was damage free I would have given it 4.5 rating"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Packing and delivery was greatGood mobile for the price rangeLooks premium for the price rangeBrand name creates trust in reliabilityAndroid Marshmallow has great security featuresQuadcore and 2GB RAM makes the mobile feel smoothTouch response is smooth and feels awesome for the priceScreen looks brighter even with low settings and increasing it makes it more brighterDual sim with both slot capable for 4G VOLTE is awesomeBattery last approximately 1.5 days with low usage and 1 day with medium usageEarphone is okCamera quality is good and front camera quality seems to be better compared to rear cameraOverall good product"
 [9] "Totally waste of money ... as per price 8999 its worth nothing even many brands have better mobiles in this range....camera is average...charger cable n ear piece cable is missing...i wants to return my phone...please guide me...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "I got this for my mom, she seems to quite like it, although it's been a difficult for her to learn to use. I wouldn't suggest this as an introductory mobile for a first-time smartphone user.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Excellent mid range phone" "Excellent worth for money"
 [3] "TILL date working good..." "Best phone on this price."
 [5] "Nice features.. stock rom" "but i want to exchange it"
 [7] "Battery not satisfactory." "Good phone in this budget"
 [9] "nice  i am very satisfied" "Nice mobile from Motorola"
 [1] "Good mobile at Good price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "A system update happened, after which the speaker is not working. I will have to put the call on loudspeaker else on ear phone. Battery backup is poor."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "It has been bought more than a month ago. I have not received cash back and power bank yet (which was there in the offer).Mobile is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Build quality is very poor. This piece of machinery is a mockery to Motorolas' reputation. I was lucky one of my friends agreed to take it from me."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "I have purchased moto g play 4th gen mobile from Amezon but automatically mobile switch off and not on. what happening suddenly with this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "phone start heat in pocket when me kept . its too heat up and the return policy only ten days ????????never purchase with amazon in feature"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "I have used G1, G2 and G3 and this time without any hesitation I would say this one doesnt belong to the family, as per my experience. I am saying this after getting a replacement just to realize that it is a bad deal i have made.If it is possible to return the product I would surely have gone with that.Primary Camera doesnt respect the 8MP tag though the front one does a better job, so better would be to adjust with this phone by taking all the pics from the front cam.The graphic processor, i do not know a technical thing about it but yes its really a confused hardware because I have seen it deteriorating and enhancing the images on its own. At one time I thought maybe I have pressed some button to convert all the images to 2MP resolution, after restarting it goes back to normal. Strange."
 [8] "Another brilliant product by motorola. Very fast, easy to use, light in weight, good camera. The only cons. is lack of finger print sensor. Go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "I HATE IT BECAUSE I PURCHASE THIS MOBILE BUT 1 SIM CARD SLOT NOT WORKING . WHEN WE TALK TO CUSTOMER CARE THAY TOLD ME NO REPLACE THIS PHONE ,,,,"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Best phone in this range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Bad battery backup"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Awesome phone yaar"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Loved It... Thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Moto g4 play is not so handy as other Moto phone.because it is slow CPU system,but it's looking is so good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Pros1.Better camera 5mp ,8mp.2.better screen touch response  Cons1.There is Mobile battery heating problem2. Internal memory is only 16 GB. It's not enough."                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Got phone in two days,but speaker not working, already using Moto g 2 for 2years,that's why I went for Moto, very disappointed, customer care advice to to service centre,hope it go good."                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Superb phone....can buy this without thinking for a second"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "It's better to buy moto e3 power"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Good phone under 7999But cash back not received* Good camera front* No over heating issue* Comfortable for hands* Nice look* Build quality product* Notification light not working"                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "I got this mobile 3 days back and I would say only one word that is AWESOME every thing in this mobile is working perfectly no lag no heating no battery drain nothing only buttery smooth ..if any person is thing to buy this mobile and have any confusion then in my opinion get it before its out of stock..Good soundGood touch responseGood battery life and etc etc."
 [1] "Great phone @8999. Also got 1000 cash back  from Amazon. So effective price is 7999. Working perfectly with Jio Sim. Camera, display, sound and touch are praiseworthy. Quality product."
 [2] "BAD"                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Yes"                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "The worst phone never see before.shame on u moto and lenovo.dont buy this phone.battery back of nt gud.nd volte service stop when going to use sim 2 data.what the cheap set 9k waste"   
 [5] "Good budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Value for money.."                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Super performance"                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Very nice product"                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "wonderfull mobile"                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Worth for Money.."                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "it is worth for the cost" "Soooooo Goooood.....❤❤❤❤"
 [3] "Chraging drains so fast." "It good quality mobile ."
 [5] "Very good phone in price" "Power bank offer pending"
 [7] "No more words. It's good" "Product worth the price."
 [9] "Great product.worth buy!" "Very satisfied thank you"
 [1] "scree vibration is there"                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Worth for offered price."                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Power bank not received."                                                                                                                         
 [4] "awesome.no more comments"                                                                                                                         
 [5] "So Good at this price..."                                                                                                                         
 [6] "You have mentioned one free power bank with t he handset. But i bib not received any power bank with the phone. A very disappointed thing for me."
 [7] "Battery charged very quicklyNo heating problemsSpeaker quality is goodHeadset is also goodMobile performance is good"                             
 [8] "I didn't get my cashback"                                                                                                                         
 [9] "I am using moto g4 play for last one month. I am not having any issue so far.Very good battery.Fast charging.Very good phone under ₹10000."       
[10] "Good"                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Best" "good" "Good" "Cool" "Best"
 [1] "Excellent quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Very good mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Worth for money ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Speaker doesn't work properly, the sound quality is worst. I can't hear the sound track clearly when I play songs or videos. Otherwise, it is good to use. The video clarity, camera, the look and all good. The main problem with this is the sound quality and it is very worst in that case."
 [5] "Wrong information given on description, only one 4g sim slat other one 2g but mentioned both 4g,  return is also not possible not allowing to return the product. Less futures."                                                                                                                
 [6] "Pros : performance, display , best battery life (doze saves 30%),build quality, speaker (front facing just average sound) , headphone outputCons : camera (average)"                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Mobile not working in properly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "It is ok but we don't have service center in our city . Had I known this earlier I wouldn't have bought it . Hope it will not need service and it will be ok for many years ."                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Look is very good.Battery backup is also very good.Quick charging is excellent features in this phone.Camera is bad compared to other phone at this price."                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Phone is very good.camera is also good in this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Pathetic. Low quality.  Wast of money. Don't match with the name of Motorola.I ordered my phone on 3 Oct 16 and it is delivered to me on 10 Oct 16. After opening it I started it and check it. I got shock when I clicked pic from camera, a massage poped up saying \"photos not working\" and than after some seconds another pop-up came saying \"please restart camera\"I updated all app from play store but both pop-up keep coming as try to take pic.I download third party camera app and gallery app problem remains.Than I called to customer care he asked me to download a n app called \"smart check\" after running that app it sad my device is OK. But my problem remains intact. What a shame.My recommendation - please please be careful before placing an order."
 [3] "Battery backup is worst"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Phone was Pretty good.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Just absolutely rocking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Good product. Go for it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Very nice in this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Am not at all satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Fine in all aspects...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Best phone nice looking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Values for money" "For budget phone" "Its a nice phone" "Very nice mobile"
 [5] "Worth for money." "Good performance" "very bad product" "Worth it's value"
 [9] "Very nice mobile" "Phone is awesome"
 [1] "Gud phone in this range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Good worth of our price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Prime time prime things"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Worst mobile in Moto..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "NICE mobile phone...!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "It was nice experience."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Battery to be more fuel"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Very.good.nicesmartphon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "I didn't get power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "A good budget smartphone with the simple android UI and it clicks awesome photos with both of its 8MP rear and 5MP front camera. Its speaker is much louder then the other smartphones at this price segment. Also it has a very good built quality with water resistance coating it survived under water for more than 5 minutes I've tested. On the basis of performance its got a Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 and Adreno 306 with 2GB of RAM.But the cons of this phone is that its missing a compass sensor which lets you watch VR videos and Show the head towards the direction you are going on Google Maps but its not a big problem and one more thing is the focusing time of the camera it takes a while. Although I am happy with this phone and now waiting to get the Nougat update soon."
 [1] "love the product" "very good mobile" "Product is good." "Software problem"
 [5] "Very Good Phone." "nice as expected" "an awesome phone" "Very good mobile"
 [9] "Value for money." "Nice good mobile"
 [1] "Good phone !! Good Battery life on 4g working with Jio Speed is fine . Over all worth buying timely delivered cheers to Amazon."
 [2] "Good phone, good deals"                                                                                                         
 [3] "Nice mobile no problem"                                                                                                         
 [4] "Motorala is the best.."                                                                                                         
 [5] "One of the Best Mobile"                                                                                                         
 [6] "Good phone by motorola"                                                                                                         
 [7] "Battery backup is good"                                                                                                         
 [8] "Economic good hand set"                                                                                                         
 [9] "Value for the money..."                                                                                                         
[10] "Nice entry level phone"                                                                                                         
 [1] "New phone good camera." "Excellent budget phone" "A good, budget device."
 [4] "Speaker is not working" "Good phone under 10000" "Where is my. Gift card"
 [7] "Nice original products" "This is very excellent" "Led sencer is not work"
[10] "best budget phone ever"
 [1] "Finally mobile is good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Excellent Phone. [...]"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "value for money fne..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "The product is damaged"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "not good as my aspects"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Best Mobile ever i got"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Better than I imagined"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Bad choice on my part."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "Whare is my power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "The phone is good.Some observations from my last one month of usage:Not so good things first1. The touch screen is very sensitive. Sometimes i find myself making unintended calls.2. Camera quality is good in outdoors, but indoors the pictures are not very sharp.3. i would like to have a music played in the background, while i play some games like 1024. But i couldnt put the player in the background. May be it is an app thing, if i download a player like VLC it might support. I am yet to check that.4. i dont find playlist option in the default player.5. There is no default voice recorder, as long as i have searched.Otherwise the phone is very good. I am happy with it, Value for money."
 [1] "Over all Performance is poor"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "I am happy about the product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Excellent phone better than redmi note 3 for sure"                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "This is quite an excellent phone for the price. What I wanted was a robust 5 inch phone costing less than 10k with a good battery life. I got just what I wanted."                                                                           
 [5] "best mobile phone in this range.. awesome... but please send/mail Soft copy of invoice of products also so that it would easier to customer for warranty issues."                                                                            
 [6] "Nice phone with excellent look but little expensive.  Any way good phone..With free flow..Good camera..16gm memory makes him perfect.. Wonderful..I like."                                                                                   
 [7] "No warranty card in box...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Overall good, touchwood.I would be back with my product review after I have used it for at least a month.However, its always a good buy below 10k."                                                                                          
 [9] "Really good phone with excellent camera. Product quality is really good. Writing this review after a month of use. Battery stays entire day with mix use.Jio sim works very well.Call quality is good.Camera is decent for this price range."
[10] "Good phone no lag no hanging problem no heating issue till now. Battery backup suck no android update 7 till now . Good phone if you have budget constraints."                                                                               
 [1] "Build quality is not great. Looks like a cheap phone.My brother was not much happy with it. Think most of the items were re-used from exchanged phones."      
 [2] "I'm not much happy with the purchase. I didn't receive the complete items. As part of purchase, I was supposed to receive free power bank which I didn't get."
 [3] "Very good handset for such price range.Camera is good.Sometimes hangs for some milliseconds.One major bug in phone is doesn't read external memory card."     
 [4] "The phone stopped after two days of use. It is not getting switched on. And there is no option to return the product also. Please suggest anyone what to do?" 
 [5] "I have used this phone for last six days and totally satisfied with the product."                                                                             
 [6] "Very bad phone. Don't go for it. It doesn't pick up network, need to restart many times. Display quality also not good. Overall disappointed experience..."   
 [7] "Product is ok but s/w limitations like u cannot copy any images,videos directly by connecting otg pendrive.but the same i done fine in samsung  galaxy j5."   
 [8] "Its not what i expected... the camera quality is too bad... it also lack the appearance and is not at all user friendly... its a phone with dumb quality."    
 [9] "Worth the Value"                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Hitting problem"                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Just too good😉"  "Amazing Product" "Amazing product" "Very good phone"
 [5] "I want one more" "Worth for money" "good smartphone" "Value for money"
 [9] "average product" "Very bad mobile"
 [1] "Fully satisfied" "Find it awesome" "Fully satisfied" "Value for money"
 [5] "Value for money" "Excellent phone" "NICE MOBILE...." "Very good phone"
 [9] "Awesome phone!!" "Speaker problem"
 [1] "Great features." "Excellent phone" "Very nice phone" "Good product 😊" 
 [5] "Excepted better" "Value for money" "Good product..." "Worth for money"
 [9] "Excellent Phone" "Value for money"
 [1] "OK not for good" "Excellent phone" "Very good phone" "Value for Money"
 [5] "Good Handset..." "Heating problem" "Worth for money" "Awesome product"
 [9] "Very good phone" "Worth for money"
 [1] "Good as quality" "very good phone" "Very good phone" "Value for money"
 [5] "Value for money" "Fully satisfied" "Wonderful Phone" "Its good & nice"
 [9] "Awesome handset" "Nice but costly"
 [1] "Average quality"                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Awesome amazing"                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Value for money"                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Worth of Money!"                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "good cell phone"                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Excellent Phone"                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "A system update happened, after which the speaker is not working. I will have to put the call on loudspeaker else on ear phone. Battery backup is poor."
 [8] "It has been bought more than a month ago. I have not received cash back and power bank yet (which was there in the offer).Mobile is good."              
 [9] "It works with two Sims I called to customer care but they sId as per our app it works fine problem is I am not able to hear the voice on other side"    
[10] "Build quality is very poor. This piece of machinery is a mockery to Motorolas' reputation. I was lucky one of my friends agreed to take it from me."    
 [1] "I have purchased moto g play 4th gen mobile from Amezon but automatically mobile switch off and not on. what happening suddenly with this product."                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Best budget phone better than any low recognized phones moto is owned by Lenovo but still tje quality is same. No heating and hanging issues. Best camera better than Samsung Sony HTC and other brands.Good battery back up,signal strength, loudspeaker, in call speaker, and water repellent coating."
 [3] "Please call back have complaint for mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "phone start heat in pocket when me kept . its too heat up and the return policy only ten days ????????never purchase with amazon in feature"                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "I HATE IT BECAUSE I PURCHASE THIS MOBILE BUT 1 SIM CARD SLOT NOT WORKING . WHEN WE TALK TO CUSTOMER CARE THAY TOLD ME NO REPLACE THIS PHONE ,,,,"                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "I didn't get my cashback"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "on unboxing i found the corners had some scratches and the back panel had an ink mark. was disappointed bcz i was expecting a brand new phone"                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Amazing. Phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Worth buying ✌"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Useless phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Super products" "its good phone" "Worth of money" "Its realy good"
 [5] "Very good item" "Awsome product" "Value of money" "theek hai bhai"
 [9] "Awsome product" "Good product.."
 [1] "Too good till date!" "Amazing performance" "performance is nice"
 [4] "My brother loved it" "Overall it is best." "Great phone for 9K."
 [7] "i love this product" "Very good product.." "Best in performance"
[10] "very nice phone...."
 [1] "Amazing mobile" "Awesome phone." "Great phone..." "VALUE OF MONEY"
 [5] "Good to handle" "I am satisfied" "Working smooth" "Good for selfi"
 [9] "Celler is good" "It's excellent"
 [1] "Looking for part time job?Contact me on whatsapp(Contact - 8169553934)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Average phone with no new features, build quality is also cheap,processor is slow and games also hang."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "Good one with light weight and smoothie touch.Looks handy with decent display.Charges very quickly (within 1.5 hrs.)Battery back up is too good for normal usage (2G net usage, listening songs and watching movies). It lasts for more than 15 hrs..*Not tried installing Gaming Apps.******Just wondering when and how the lucky 50 winners be credited with 100% Cash back offer.  (Mobile launched at 10.00 PM and I have submitted the order by 10.10 PM. )******"                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "i like this mobile but i am sorry i returned this mobile cause i am not available that time in mumbai"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Brought it for my father. It's interface was simple and he learned it quite fast. (Compared to a Samsung). The bigger display also helped him read and type more easily.The google now voice detection works most flawlessly in this phone compared to the other Androids I've had.Phone feels light on hand.The power button can be used to quickly launch the camera. I wish the phone gave the option to flashlight the same way as well. A hardware key triggered flashlight would help the likes of my father. It turns on the flashlight on voice command though. But that's comes with a lag of 1-2 seconds."
 [6] "I got a defected mobile. I m really unhappy after I came to know . I didn't expect this from amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "BAD"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Yes"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Yes good.But they will not exchange or refund.product reboots many time after 1 week of purchase ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "II just booked this phone. have not received code for power bank free purchase.  the offer is fake"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Bad Mobile Phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Please don't buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Nice smart phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "The phone has no light signal to show whether it is fully charged or still charging. Motorola has not given this basic feature of red and green light for charging and fully charged status. Nothing great about it even battery backup is just ok. The buttons on the screen itself instead of below the screen make life all the more difficult. Not expected this from Motorola. Don't buy online products without having a hand on it as you never now what you will get in your hand. Request for return not processed till date."
 [5] "The mobile I got is defective and not registered mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "it,s a cool phone.and nice look too with benifits...and amazons preview is all ways helpfull...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Really nice phone. Good battery backup and really fast charging.Execellent phone under 10k"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Middle class phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Very good product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "I like the product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Good Products" "amazing phone" "Average phone" "very very gud"
 [5] "super mobile." "Good phone..." "Nice Product." "Superb Mobile"
 [9] "Awesome phone" "Awsome Mobile"
 [1] "Excellent one" "Good product." "Mast hai bhai" "Working good."
 [5] "Awesome phone" "Voice problem" "Loved it...!!" "Worst by Moto"
 [9] "Nice product." "Awesome phone"
 [1] "Best products" "best in class" "Best as price" "Good product."
 [5] "Good & worthy" "Not satisfied" "Excellent Buy" "Its just okkk"
 [9] "It's too good" "Awesome Phone"
 [1] "Best in class" "Ok nice sound" "superb mobile" "Nice product."
 [5] "awsome phone." "Amazing phone" "Awesome phone" "Awesome phone"
 [9] "Simply superb" "Great product"
 [1] "Awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "NICE WORTH IT"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Good phone..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Its very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Awesome, product is very good, as per the standard and description.Better than xiaomi and other brand in this price range."                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Good phone !! Good Battery life on 4g working with Jio Speed is fine . Over all worth buying timely delivered cheers to Amazon."                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Great budget phone. Have used for over a week now. No complaints. Gorilla glass is very necessary especially with kids at home. Wished battery to have been bigger. But bought it knowing that so no negatives there. And this has turbo charger which helps."
 [9] "Product is not good. From the day 1 trying to return but poor response from amazon as well. Not at all happy with this product"                                                                                                                               
[10] "Nice  phone very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Phone is good but music and gallery option is not upto the mark comparative to other mobile co. Must be improve this feature."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Moto g4 play is good mobile but sometime auto restart this mobile.I facing this problem....I use this device 18th days......."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "After 20 days it started ejecting SD card, even after changed SD card. I made a complaint on it. Amazon care following on it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Overall not good product,  camera is good, n Mbl congratulations is just like basic handsome. N heating problem is involved."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Great phone.absolutely stunned me.but doesn't do the basic function of a phone.cant talk.mic doesn't work.other specs are beautiful.when i try to return it,amazon made me install a stupid app which is complete s*** and useless.i can't return the item because this app demands a pin which I don't know where to get and is not explained anywhere.please check the mic before start using the phone.no solution from developers so far"
 [6] "Product delivered just the way you would expect with a good class service. Great phone at the specified price. Satisfied."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Within 2days it's screen got blur"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Only one slot supporting VoLTE support but Other Sim Slot not supporting VoLTE. In web site they are written as both the Slots supporting VoLTE. They saying lies about product. I hate this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "It's a really good phone , battery life is God for moderate user ,it is really smooth and it doesn't heat up that much ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Very excellent phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Very rubbish product.pls dont go like d worst product.i bought this .in video voice comes first then the visual is play"
 [2] "The phone switched off and wouldn't switch on after 2 days. Unfortunately there isn't a replacement option nor refund." 
 [3] "Not so great, just a functional phone with mediocre features. Good purchase for this price. Got a  cashback for 1000."  
 [4] "I was user of htc now i purchase first time Motorola awesome experience with good phone which fulfils my daily needs."  
 [5] "ok"                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Ok"                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Good product"                                                                                                           
 [8] "Good Product"                                                                                                           
 [9] "👌👌👌👌👌👌"                                                                                                                 
[10] "Nice product"                                                                                                           
 [1] "Product is very good. I am using product for 13 days  and I found very good product. Battery charging fast but still it draining like other mobile only and other feature is also very good but jio video calling not supported.When I purchased the product it was written that I am eligible for 1000 Rs. Gift card from 3 days of shipment but still I have not received the same and after so much of complaints also still i have not received so I am feeling cheated by Amazon and so it is questionable to trust on Amazon"
 [2] "32gb memory card not supporting it edjecting automatically please solve this problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "I did not got the free item i.e. power bank, mentioned at the time of ordering this."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "I am just satisfied with the product for its price and also happy about the delivery"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "bad camera quality than moto e pls dont buy it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "I did not receive the 1000 INR power bank offer , which is promised while buying ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Thanks to Amazon for fast delivery....1) Excellent look2) Good Camera both Primary and Secondary on Day light... Moderate @ night3) Excellent Battery (Used 4G Mobile data for almost 9 hours and still 20% charge left)4) Thanks for giving the provision to use both sims and memory card... Both sim slot supports 4G and both micro sim5) Excellent fast charging.6) No lagging experience still now7) It behaves like phone not like iron box (like Chinese mobiles does)...."                                                
 [8] "Pure Android experience. No problem at all using 2 weeks. Because of lenovo moto tyup the service center getting poor service. Ram management is good. Camera doing decent job. Front camere better that moto g4 plus. Speaker quality is excellent. Handy phone. Display quality is ok ok.. i got some display issue with my first delivery so have changed my phone. Headphone quality is not good. Charger charge phone very fast up to 80,85% after that it take too much time bt its ok within 2 hours its charge completely."
 [9] "Very nice mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Worth for money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Good Product" "Nice product" "Working fine" "Good product" "Nice product"
 [6] "good product" "happy vth it" "good product" "good product" "Nice product"
 [1] "Its good one" "Nice product" "Excellent..." "Good product" "Nice product"
 [6] "Good product" "Nice product" "Full 5 star." "Cool working" "good product"
 [1] "good product" "Good Product" "Nice product" "Satisfactory" "Good product"
 [6] "Working well" "Good product" "Nice handset" "Good phone.." "Good product"
 [1] "Nice Product..!!" "Very nice mobile" "I liked it a lot" "Its Nice product"
 [5] "Genuine products" "Good performance" "Good performance" "Its just awesome"
 [9] "Value for money." "Phn is very good"
 [1] "Over heating" "Good product" "Excellent !!" "Good Product" "loving it!!!"
 [6] "Nice product" "Gud one....." "good product" "Budget Phone" "Good product"
 [1] "nice product" "good product" "Nice product" "Excellent .." "good product"
 [6] "Nice product" "Good not bad" "Great mobile" "Good Product" "Good Mobile."
 [1] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Worst Product ever manufactured by Motorola , Lenovo has killed the brand. Mic issue, Heating issue and scrap customer service by amazon . This is going to be my last purchase in Amazon."                       
 [3] "Better than other versions Moto E3 New EditionMediatek  Processors make E3 dumb don't buy that s*** .G4 play-Mike got at wrong place ...-Camera is not up to Mark ... As compare to other older versions of Moto."
 [4] "Is app se koi v chiz order mt kro,inlogo ne replacement ar refundable me koi difference nhi smjte h.saale chutye"                                                                                                 
 [5] "These mobile seriously better thanG4  plus no heating problem no leggingThese best mobile under 10k."                                                                                                             
 [6] "A good phone in its range, but could have been way better. Its competitors are offering far more at this price."                                                                                                  
 [7] "i need to know about this phone. is this phone suitable to otg cable OTG cable support kartra hai kya ye phone."                                                                                                  
 [8] "I am using this since last 7 days i have facing battery problem and i could not find smart dual sim option. Call it is not disconnected soon after press disconnect(red) button."                                 
 [9] "Quality of product is not as much as product from Moto. Speaker is not good and not that much audible in crowd"                                                                                                   
[10] "Great for the price.Does not heat up too much and has a good battery life.Best phone in the range."                                                                                                               
 [1] "This is poor phone and shopping also not good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Best phone at this range .Everything is awesome in this mobile.But I haven't received the zook power bank free with this device as mentioned on the product .Why so? Answer me amazon team . This is injustice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Its a good phone in the range, and I got it super cheap for ₹6650/- in sale so good for me. The phone is quick and does most of the baic tasks with ease. However, one major issue is that it doesnt catches signal inside my home while my other phones catch enough ntwk to talk. So thats one negative,  a good phone otherwise."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Overall a great buy if you don't need a stellar cam and don't need expensive high-end graphics performance."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "The Moto G has never been a flashy phone. It’s grounded, durable and functional. It also has to meet a substantially low price, so unnecessary extras and luxuries have to be ditched.It’s still made mostly of plastic, but it far outweighs its £169 price-tag. The front is simple and clean, with no branding and no buttons of any sort. There’s the smallest hint of flair with a silver-rimmed speaker opening at the top, but that’s it.The metal frame adds some quality and strength to the mix, but I’d like some tougher, less plasticky, buttons. The volume and standby keys on the sides require a good hit of force and they’re a bit mushy, but I’m being overly picky – they're still perfectly functional.The rear panel has been a bit divisive in the TrustedReviews office, and I’m not completely a fan. Gone is the heavily ridged, almost rubbery, feel of the 2015 version and it’s been replaced by a soft-touch textured plastic. It’s grippy, but it feels strange and seems to get oily and greasy very quickly.The once-iconic ‘Moto Dimple’ is getting less and less pronounced with every phone. On the original Moto X it was the perfect spot to place your finger, but now it’s barely noticeable. Above the batwing logo sits the camera and flash, encased in glass and surrounded by a silver oval.Like previous Moto Gs, the back pops off to allow some colourful customisation through sold-separately backplates. This is also where you access the microSD card and SIM slots, meaning you don’t need an annoying SIM tool to access them. Interestingly, the SIM slot works with both a Micro and a Nano card – a nice touch I haven’t seen before.Even though the back comes off, the battery is firmly attached. Sorry to those of you who love replaceable cells. The Moto G4 has also lost its predecessor's water-resistance powers, though it still should escape a trip through the rain unscathed.Moto G4 camera sample low lightSUMMARYOUR SCORE:PROSSo much tech for your cash\u2028Reliable camera\u2028Great screen\u2028No useless software\u2028Handy Moto tweaks\u2028CONSVery big\u2028Divisive textured back\u2028No NFCBEST DEALS FOR MOTOROLA MOTO G4 2016COMPARE PLANSKEY FEATURES5.5-inch 1080p displaySnapdragon 617 CPU2GB RAM16GB storage3,000 mAh battery13MP camera5MP selfie cameraAndroid 6.0.1Manufacturer: MotorolaReview Price: £169.00WHAT IS THE MOTO G4?I've reviewed a lot of flagships phones this year, like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and iPhone 7, but there isn't a better deal out there than the Moto G4 2016. And it's only £169.The budget phone of choice for many, and three-time TrustedReviews Budget Phone of the Year winner, has received an update. And while it’s now officially a Lenovo phone, the magical combination of performance, features and value hasn't been lost.It’s fast, has a great camera for the cost, a bright screen and Nexus-like software. I do have some reservations about the size, but honestly every other affordable phone maker should be worried. Seriously worried.This item is currently on sale , meaning you could bag a bargain. Check out our Black Friday deals for more savings, and get a deal on the Moto G 2016 below:Read also: iPhone 7MOTO G4 – DESIGNThe Moto G has never been a flashy phone. It’s grounded, durable and functional. It also has to meet a substantially low price, so unnecessary extras and luxuries have to be ditched.It’s still made mostly of plastic, but it far outweighs its £169 price-tag. The front is simple and clean, with no branding and no buttons of any sort. There’s the smallest hint of flair with a silver-rimmed speaker opening at the top, but that’s it.Related: Best budget Android phonesThe metal frame adds some quality and strength to the mix, but I’d like some tougher, less plasticky, buttons. The volume and standby keys on the sides require a good hit of force and they’re a bit mushy, but I’m being overly picky – they're still perfectly functional.The rear panel has been a bit divisive in the TrustedReviews office, and I’m not completely a fan. Gone is the heavily ridged, almost rubbery, feel of the 2015 version and it’s been replaced by a soft-touch textured plastic. It’s grippy, but it feels strange and seems to get oily and greasy very quickly.The once-iconic ‘Moto Dimple’ is getting less and less pronounced with every phone. On the original Moto X it was the perfect spot to place your finger, but now it’s barely noticeable. Above the batwing logo sits the camera and flash, encased in glass and surrounded by a silver oval.Like previous Moto Gs, the back pops off to allow some colourful customisation through sold-separately backplates. This is also where you access the microSD card and SIM slots, meaning you don’t need an annoying SIM tool to access them. Interestingly, the SIM slot works with both a Micro and a Nano card – a nice touch I haven’t seen before.Even though the back comes off, the battery is firmly attached. Sorry to those of you who love replaceable cells. The Moto G4 has also lost its predecessor's water-resistance powers, though it still should escape a trip through the rain unscathed.motog4 7My biggest issue with the Moto G4 is the size of the thing. It’s well and truly a phablet, and it’s as wide as the iPhone 6S Plus (though not as tall) making it cumbersome to hold unless you have large hands. It’s a two-handed phone for sure, and my thumb can’t easily move from the top of the screen to the bottom unless I grip it with my palms.The jump from a 5-inch to a 5.5-inch display is clearly the main factor in this growth, but in doing so I feel it loses some of the mass-market appeal that made the previous iterations so great. It’s not heavy or particularly thick, but I have passed it between friends and the vast majority have said it’s too big for them.With Lenovo releasing two versions of the G4 and one boasting a ‘Plus’ branding, it seems odd they’re both 5.5 inches. I’d have much preferred one to stay at a more manageable 5-inch size, or even 4.7-inch, and the other sitting higher above."
 [6] "But I can't set my ringtone from my MP3 songs and also it has single 4G LTE sim slot other one is only GSM"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Moto g 4 play Good product work smoothly and fastest and pls send invoice my mail id sunilrns123@gmail.com"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Best mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Super phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Loved it!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "best mobile" "Impressed.." "nice mobile" "gr8 device." "no comments"
 [6] "Comfortable" "Good device" "motto rockz" "Nice mobail" "best mobile"
 [1] "Value for money" "OK not for good" "Excellent phone" "Very good phone"
 [5] "Value for Money" "Good Handset..." "Heating problem" "Worth for money"
 [9] "Awesome product" "Very good phone"
 [1] "Avrg camera" "Awesome...." "Nice phone." "It was good" "Good mobile"
 [6] "Superb item" "Nice phone." "Nice Mobile" "Nice mobile" "Gud one...."
 [1] "Nice but costly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "Average quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Awesome amazing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Value for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "Worth of Money!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Excellent Phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Slim & weightless as it has 2800 Mah battery. Good option for non gamer's."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Phone dropped off from hand and screen shattered.No use of Corning Gorilla glass. Better to avoid this phone as paying a premium for increased protection does not seems to have gone right. Will moto listen, as they will not offer a free screen replacement for accidental damage.I WAD BILLED ₹6000 FOR SCREEN REPLACEMENT AT MOTO SERVICE CENTER. SOUNDS ABSURD."
 [9] "Very nice display and impressive looks .Battery backup is also good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[10] "got delivered on next day of order. But phone is not getting switched on."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Not so good" "good phone." "Nice mobile" "Excellent.." "Good mobile"
 [6] "good phone." "Great phone" "ok kind of." "best mobile" "Nice mobile"
 [1] "As usual nothing special. Just phone is costs more with hardware used. At this price u can get Qualcomm octacore at least 415 and full HD with finger print senser.phone is having heating Issues as expected by lenovo as lenovo is well known for making pocket heaters. Now if u want to take as moto then mUst remember moto is not moto at all that is lenovo. Now the replacement policy changed by Amazon u will get only replacement nOt refund all."
 [2] "Still today I don't get 15% cash back in my account as per your offer"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Performance is good,heating problem remains.camera quality excellent."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [4] "Device is getting heated even in 5/7 min of talking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Really good phone with sufficient resources for seamless operations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "The phone switches on automatic frequently without our interference."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Worth of money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Its realy good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "Very good item"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Awsome product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Value of money" "theek hai bhai" "Good product.." "I love MOTO..."
 [5] "To be Ossam..." "Its nce a@6800" "Very good pice" "Awesome phone."
 [9] "Well and good." "Worthy product"
 [1] "Best phone !!!" "simply amazing" "Worth of money" "Amazing mobile"
 [5] "Awesome phone." "Great phone..." "VALUE OF MONEY" "Good to handle"
 [9] "I am satisfied" "Working smooth"
 [1] "Good for selfi"                                                     
 [2] "Celler is good"                                                     
 [3] "It's excellent"                                                     
 [4] "Average mobile"                                                     
 [5] "It's I not bad"                                                     
 [6] "Good operating"                                                     
 [7] "delicated body"                                                     
 [8] "No power bank is given to me even it is written on the bill too...."
 [9] "Product is awsome , its reliable , but delivery boy was very rude ,"
[10] "I have not received the power bank yet. This is really frustrating."
 [1] "Nice phone" "Nice phone" "Nice phone" "Nice phone" "Good one !"
 [6] "good phone" "Nice phone" "Bad ..poor" "Awsm phone" "Gud  phone"
 [1] "Good phone" "Good phone" "Best phone" "gooood buy" "Nice phone"
 [6] "Nice phone" "Super good" "So good 👍"  "Good......" "Very Good."
 [1] "Nice phone" "Good phone" "Nice phone" "Five stars" "Good phone"
 [6] "Nice phn.." "Good phone" "Satisfied." "good phone" "good phone"
 [1] "Awesome phone" "Awsome Mobile" "Excellent one" "Good product."
 [5] "Mast hai bhai" "Working good." "Awesome phone" "Voice problem"
 [9] "Loved it...!!" "Worst by Moto"
 [1] "Nice product." "Awesome phone" "Best products" "best in class"
 [5] "Best as price" "Good & worthy" "Not satisfied" "Excellent Buy"
 [9] "Its just okkk" "It's too good"
 [1] "Awesome Phone" "Best in class" "Ok nice sound" "superb mobile"
 [5] "Nice product." "awsome phone." "Amazing phone" "Awesome phone"
 [9] "Awesome phone" "Simply superb"
 [1] "Great product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "NICE WORTH IT"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Good phone..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Its very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "The product is average. I was using  Redme MI before it (@Rs. 6000/-). I am not able to send contacts through text messages which is a basic feature of any android phone. This mobile do not have recorder, however I have downloaded Call Recorder (which is active during calls only). Further, Amazon had offered free power bank but didn't get it (not even purchase code). Not expected from Amazon."
 [8] "Ordered the phone on 25th Sep and received it couple if days later. Worked fine for 1 week. Now all sorts of issues such as the caller cannot hear my voice. Network drops suddenly. Mobile data status shows connected when it's disconnected. Extremely disappointed with the purchase"                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Very good product with affordable price.Camera pakka ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Don't buy this phone.after using 1 month phone started getting hot and started hanging.memory card eject automaticallyspeaker not working properlymike works too bad.touchscreen stop workingnetwork disconnect alwaysand so many problem👎👎👎"                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Verry bood"                                                                                  
 [2] "Nice phone"                                                                                  
 [3] "good phone"                                                                                  
 [4] "nice phone"                                                                                  
 [5] "Ok Product"                                                                                  
 [6] "Gud phone"                                                                                   
 [7] "Good phone"                                                                                  
 [8] "Nice phone"                                                                                  
 [9] "Loved the phone''s overall experience , it's just that the sound of the phone is little low."
[10] "Speaker problem"                                                                             
 [1] "It's not fair. I thought it of it's a good deal to get best phone of Motorola.But when i got  switched on its a moto + Lenovo product . when i get it to Moto service center they  rejected as it of Lenovo tied up. Even in description they haven't mentioned of Lenovo . And finally it would be my last Amazon deal.Even i am willing to return it ..as it was my fault to buy it."
 [2] "I did not get jio sim with moto g play."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "All motos have a common problem. Often notifications come and block the call receive button. I find it difficult to receive those calls then. By the time I wipe off all the notifications the call gets cut. A new problem in this moto g4 play is that many incoming calls are not getting registered. I am fedup with this mobile. This is my third moto phone and I am not happy." 
 [4] "Very very good mobile.and its working also good but it has small problem that is when kept for charging it get heated.after one month my charger was not working it has 3 months warranty. when i visited the motrola service center the warranty on accessories are not updated in systems. so please update the warranty period. another charger are not support to motrola mobils"  
 [5] "Long usage of display will hurt your eye, you may also loose eyesight by using both moto g4 play and moto e3 power, lenovo has messed up screen of both phones. otherwise volte, network, grip, hardware, and earpiece volume is excellent of g4 play. Remember that it does not has gorilla glass and you will never see it on motorola official page about gorilla glass. Thanks."   
 [6] "For the genuine mobile user who don't have to show off brand, technical specifications etc... etc... and is looking for a reliable and sturdy mobile. Get this... I got it as a second one for my wife and right now she is using this as her primary mobile.Display is upto the mark and if you dont have craving for too many apps then this will work just great."                  
 [7] "Bought this during Diwali sale. Received discount as well gift coupen. So overall price was very good. Moreover I wanted to give it to my parents so very basic work but also as they wanted 4g go bought this. Overall review of product was very good. And this would be my 4th Moto product in family (I used Xiaomi as well). Somehow Moto product i feel bit more sturdy."        
 [8] "Nice phone in the budgetGot RS 1000 Cashback also"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Third class phone, Never buy any product from Amazon..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "It was shown that you will provide coupon for zoook power bank with moto g4 play. Why it has not been provided? If you do not have the guts to provide power bank, why you mention it as a special offer. Please stop cheating customers green mobiles."                                                                                                                               
 [1] "i hv not been able to use the device as it came with a screen lock i dont know what to do in this situation please leave a comment if u know the solution. And i think the device has been already used by someone though the components were sealed."
 [2] "Good Product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "A good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Good Product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Working fine"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Good product" "Nice product" "good product" "happy vth it" "good product"
 [6] "good product" "Nice product" "Its good one" "Nice product" "Excellent..."
 [1] "Good product" "Nice product" "Good product" "Nice product" "Full 5 star."
 [6] "Cool working" "good product" "good product" "Good Product" "Nice product"
 [1] "Very good" "Very nice" "It's okay" "very good" "Very good" "I like it"
 [7] "nice pice" "very nice" "Wonderful" "very good"
 [1] "nice product" "Lovely phone" "Nice product" "Very Good!!!" "Good product"
 [6] "Excellent :)" "Best product" "Good product" "Excellent !!" "Good Product"
 [1] "loving it!!!" "Nice product" "Gud one....." "good product" "Good product"
 [6] "nice product" "good product" "Nice product" "Excellent .." "good product"
 [1] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Good not bad"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Great mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Good Product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Good Mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Ultimate phone..just buy without any second thought..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "After using 4 days its started showing its original behaviour..1.The back button n minimise button sometimes not performing action2.WiFi option u can not able to off it, even though you will change it to off state in settings still it won't change the status3.Even though you are in coverage area still you can not able access the Mobile internet though it was displaying E or H4.Automatically your sims will come to inactive mode.. Even though you will do switch off n switched on the mobile also it won't come correctly.. But ya after few minutes if you are lucky then you will get your operator signals..Some issues are there still but I thinks its enough for someone to have a idea about this phone.. Hope they will return my money.."
 [9] "Mobile is making some problems frequently. Mic  calls cut suddenly. Pls do me the needful as early as possible."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Moto G is my first electronic purchase from amazon and i must say i am quite satisfied with it. At an attractive price, you are getting almost latest OS marshmallow with 8 mp rear and 5 mp front camera. The camera is alright esp good in light and the battery holds good for almost an entire day.The touch is great and performance is quick. A nice buy!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Very nice" "Very good" "its ok ok" "very poor" "Good yaar" "Excellent"
 [7] "very nice" "Super Set" "Very good" "Fantastic"
 [1] "very good"                                                                                                                
 [2] "I did not receive the 1000 INR power bank offer , which is promised while buying ."                                       
 [3] "1.Mobile getting switched of automatically, 2.Programming codes appear on screen. 3. Received a defective charger adapter"
 [4] "good phone from this range one problem here mention reliance gio sim free but no sim card delivered totaly wrong mention" 
 [5] "Excellent item. Performance more than expected. Jio voice & data working perfect."                                        
 [6] "In your own comparison proved that xiomi redmi 3 is better configure than motto g"                                        
 [7] "Not upto my expectations but since it was not for me i purchased it i dnt bother"                                         
 [8] "It's great phone battery backup is real good nice camera front camera is to good"                                         
 [9] "No after that week..moto e on sales thats battery backup is good compare to moto g play..i want to exchange tge mobile"   
[10] "Moto  Brande good looking handset good quality affordable price I am very happy"                                          
 [1] "Only one sim is 4G second one is 2G but in specifications it has given 4G+4G"                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Its excellent phone for people who use phone  just for fb and WhatsApp. It's light weight, Good battery backup and good camera with pure stock android experience. I preferred this phone over redmi note prime plus."
 [3] "Nice product bt haven't receive Jio sim.What can i do for getting it..Is it true offer or fake.."                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Slim & weightless as it has 2800 Mah battery. Good option for non gamer's."                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Very nice display and impressive looks .Battery backup is also good"                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "got delivered on next day of order. But phone is not getting switched on."                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Don't buy....other phones are offering better features...n the offers which amzon assures are not given."                                                                                                             
 [8] "Hi price"                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Supperbb"                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Good one"                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "don't go on spec sheet. Phone is great for everyday use, and can handle business tasks and games like fast and furious(700 mb) and death race(500mb) without lag. camera is much better even compared to moto g which is costlier than this one. Great battery, almost lasts 24 hours with usage of 10 hours of internet and 2 hours of gaming. even with smaller processor, much better experience than redmi and lenovo phones. screen clarity is much better compared to same price phones. no heating issue even with gaming while charging. And all application you will need for common use will run smoothly. haven't tried professional apps like camera and music. Surely better phone than redmi or lenovo in same price. I have used others like BlackBerry, lenovo, vivo, oppo, redmi, Leeco. this one has best experience after BlackBerry. Suitable for any role, business, student, traveler anyhing you want, this phone will survive."
 [2] "This is a great phone....i used it awesome phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Fornt and back cemra is not good quality problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Very bad product hanging problem face many time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "The phone has a serious problem with the basic feature--calling, the microphone suddenly stops working and the person at the other end just can't hear you. You have to restart the phone to restore normal functioning of the microphone. In the Auto brightness mode, the phone changes the brightness in visibly confusing manner."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "Comfortable"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Good device"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "motto rockz"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "best mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Good mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Good One" "Amazing." "Good one" "Good one" "Good but" "So nice☺"
 [7] "its good" "nice one" "gd phone" "Nice set"
 [1] "Awesome...." "Nice phone." "It was good" "Good mobile" "Superb item"
 [6] "Nice phone." "Nice Mobile" "Nice mobile" "Gud one...." "Nice mobile"
 [1] "Good one" "Good one" "Good one" "good one" "Nice!!!!" "Soo  soo"
 [7] "Awesome." "Exellent" "Its good" "Superb.."
 [1] "Nice mobile" "Excellent.." "Good mobile" "good phone." "Great phone"
 [6] "ok kind of." "best mobile" "Nice mobile" "Good mobile" "Excellent ."
 [1] "Super phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Good mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "First of all Kudos To Amazon for quickest 1Day delevery using prime. This is the Best  Phone ever in this budgets, Camera Performance Build Quality, Processing Efficiency all is up to the Mark... Just Grab It."                                                                                                     
 [4] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "it doesn't have video calling feature over 4G?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "toooooo much heat, even i did not operated it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "I am using this phone  from last one month..no issues so far...if u don't like  \"bloatware\" apps that come pre-installed on smart phones..this is the right brand that u r  looking for... This is best for this budget..Cons - video calling is not available...need to depend on 3rd party apps  :("               
 [8] "You can buy this phone without any hesitation.The only disadvantage is the 8mp front camera .The 5\"screen is big enough and has nice clarity .Other than that it is more than enough.The processor is nice and smooth without any glitches.And as usual the delivery was lighting quick.Keep up the good work Amazon."
 [9] "Phone is very light. Back cover is too delicate it feels it will broke easily.Side buttons are plastic. Removable battery which was not expected from Motorola. Charging is fast.Camera is Okay at 8MP.Bit of heats too.But overall i am expecting it to work well because of the reputation Motorola has made."       
[10] "Nice phone.best budget phone for music lovers"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Cheated! Not satisfied as the power bank with the phone not given."
 [2] "Good phone meets expectation , Sound quality over headset average."
 [3] "good. but battery back up is not upto the expectation as designed" 
 [4] "Product is good but how I do video calling from dailing pad......" 
 [5] "This product is so low performance please don't buy this product"  
 [6] "GOOD PHONE"                                                        
 [7] "Just wow !"                                                        
 [8] "Nice phone"                                                        
 [9] "Nice phone,but overheat problem and no video call,while calling"   
[10] "This phone is not working properly. phone gets heat quickly..."    
 [1] "Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)  Hey guys I don't waste your time so, let's move directly to the topic.  this mobile phone is very good in build quality and a good battery life. I really like its camera it has a good picture quality and a decent shutter speed and it perform well in low light(night )_________________  it has 4g connectivity you can use jio in it. but_______one thing that I don't like its  ram management and memory management as well as its interface. its hardware is quite good but not the interface these things that I don't like in this phone otherwise phone was decent."
 [2] "thanks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "It's ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Love it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Love it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "gud one"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Kaimzzz"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Awesome" "Great.!" "Awesome" "Amazing" "love it" "Awesome" "Awesome"
 [8] "Awesome" "Happy.." "motoooo"
 [1] "Nice phone" "Super good" "So good 👍"  "Very Good." "Nice phone"
 [6] "Good phone" "Nice phone" "Five stars" "Good phone" "Nice phn.."
 [1] "AMAZING"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Good 📱"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "GOOD..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Not bad"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "the phone is working fast and smooth.It sppourt all app"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Light weight, Handy but fast enough. Display clarity is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "First of I tell you This is My Third Smart Phone (Gionee, lenvo vibe ) And Now MOTO G PLAY But MOTO IS MOTO  fantastic smart phone very good fornt Cammera for selfy .Good speed performance.I impress moto takes very  usefule factions. Battery Backup Two Day If Use Normally.i have purchase two set of moto g4 play first of me 2nd my cosion brother impress and request me buy it again plus pint is nougat upgrade avilaible in this price range perfect phone very good anroid software expriance"
 [9] "2gb ram, 16 gb internal. Front and rear camera quality good. Value for money phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Very good product with affordable price.Camera pakka ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Nice phone" "Nice phone" "nice phone" "Very nice." "Good phone"
 [6] "nice phone" "Good phone" "Nisarahmad" "Good phone" "Nice phone"
 [1] "Bought this phone on launch date . Serious issues with the phone . It becomes audio-less while working . Music goes audio less , phone does not ring when someone calls and even cant hear when you answer the call . Also have formatted the cell once but still the problem persist .Besides that no service center in our vicinity which again makes it difficult to take help .  After talking to customer service desk they guide you to switch the phone to safe mode and after a day or so phone becomes normal . Again after few day back to square one ,it goes audio less.Strong not recommended."
 [2] "The device is average as it has nothing special about it. Heavily priced due to Moto brand.Same specifications are available at half the price. The only advantage is the fact that you will get timely android updates."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "It is simply amazing and i got a product very earlier"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Looks wise good. But getting over heat .Battery backup also bad."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Nice phone nd very prompt delivery service by amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "Good job"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Performance is good but it could be little bit slim"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[10] "Really good user friendly phone :) worth the price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Very nice." "Nice phone" "1 no phone" "Nice phone" "Nice ....."
 [6] "Nice phone" "Good phone" "Good Phone" "Good phone" "Nice phone"
 [1] "Worthy" "Superb" "awsome" "Awesum" "Superb" "osum !" "Nicely" "V good"
 [9] "good.." "Nice.."
 [1] "Nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Really good product. Lightweight...fits your palm perfectly and nice grip. No lag or bugs in the stock android. Great battery backup and sound clarity. Camera clarity is also good. Value buy. Memory expandable to 128 gb. If you own a 5.5 inch phone...then this is the ideal secondary phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Very nice phone. happy with the purchase."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "This phone is very good in this price range, good camera, good voice quality and good display. It is value for money.Only problem with this phone is it's speaker volume is not up to the mark. it is very slow and sometimes it take time when you plugged out your headphone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Packing and delivery was greatGood mobile for the price rangeLooks premium for the price rangeBrand name creates trust in reliabilityAndroid Marshmallow has great security featuresQuadcore and 2GB RAM makes the mobile feel smoothTouch response is smooth and feels awesome for the priceScreen looks brighter even with low settings and increasing it makes it more brighterDual sim with both slot capable for 4G VOLTE is awesomeBattery last approximately 1.5 days with low usage and 1 day with medium usageEarphone is okCamera quality is good and front camera quality seems to be better compared to rear cameraOverall good product"
 [6] "Perfect for the price :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "When I see the phone it's amazingStylish, the processor and ram at this price is good, we can use the phone for around 16-20 hrs, but sometimes we are getting heating issue, but that won't be a negative for this phone, if some one asked me I always suggest moto g play"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [8] "Good mobile as I am fan of Motorola...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Nice some heating problem when charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "I bought one month back , it is awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Nice phone moto quality always good ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "I did not get cash back on use of HDFC debit card despite your message in early January 2017 saying that cash back will be given on 7 January 2017.Also I haven't got Free PowerBank.Can some one look into the matter and revert with responsible and actionable response."
 [3] "Super  handsets belive me its value for money handset. Thnx to Amazon dilevary it at earlier than expected time.  People have been thinking processor is very low but i swear u its not let u down. Battery backup was awesome quick charger that i like the most.👍😎👍"      
 [4] "Packing was not good by Amazon as compare to other online dealerAbout. PhoneThis is awesome phone with light weight ,Very good displayBattery charged very fast (30min - 30% to 100%)SmoothNo lag yetGood lookingEtc etc"                                                   
 [5] "nice looking and farst working  thanku"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "See the phone is nice, but I was having a problem with the phone after purchasing it , so I wanted to replace the phone then but Motorola did not replace it. They informed me to take the phone to nearest service centre to solve the issue, it was not expected at all." 
 [7] "No, This product not meet my expectations Becz I was looking for both slot sim are VOLTE LTE acceptable. But in moto g4 play only sim slot 1 is volte LTE acceptable. Sim slot 2 is not acceptable. Its also not mentioned  in product features detail.Thanks"              
 [8] "The mobile heats up very fast when charging,using daily use apps.Both amazon and motorola customer service response is worst when asked for the solution."                                                                                                                  
 [9] "I think the Moto G4 play is covered on a good phone for the Snapdragon 410 SoC....And it perform better than the Asus Zenfone 2 laser & Samsung on7 pro, having the same SoC.I would suggest it if battery life and performance is your highest preference."                
[10] "Awesome product. With nice look nd camera rear nd front also good. Slim look. Bt no gallary in device nd also have no option for silent nd vibrate device.Did not recieved any powerbank or any mail for buy free powerbank. Bad amazon service nd green mobile also"       
 [1] "Awesome , this phone is more than what I expected . The vameras are awesome . Pure Android Experience . No lags when playing . Other than this MOTOROLA TURBO CHARGING in this phone is amazing . I request you to go for it . Hats off to the Seller And Amazon Team ."
 [2] "the phone is average. it is heating even for some 15 mins of continuous use. battery doesn't last whole day. a bit disappointed with this product."                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "v goooood"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "it's good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "NIC phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Good." "good." "Super" "Good." "super" "Good." "Good," "Ok ok" "works"
[10] "Super"
 [1] "Super" "Good." "Super" "Ok ok" "super" "Super" "GREAT" "Great" "Super"
[10] "Super"
 [1] "Very good" "Nice fine" "Its good." "Very good" "cool one." "Nice....."
 [7] "Very nice" "Very good" "Get phone" "Good one."
 [1] "Device is getting heated even in 5/7 min of talking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "I have purchased this phone for my mother who does not use all the features but she is happy with the functionality.The phone sometimes hangs or require a reboot but it is not a problem at all as I also have Moto G4 Plus which also have similar problem as my other Android & Apple Phones.Network: 5/5Audio/Video: 5/5Display: 5/5User Friendly: 5/5"                                                                                                            
 [3] "Good smart phone in this price range....only cons I felt was that camera clarity is very bad...the battery charging takes to charge about 25% in 15 minutes and within 45 minutes for full charge. from 25 to 100% charge.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Good mobile as I am fan of Motorola...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "Nice some heating problem when charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [6] "I bought one month back , it is awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Nice phone moto quality always good ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "An very average phone at this price range.Don't except much."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "There's no better phone at this price. Fabulous."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "I am disappointed with the quality of the screen. Though it has a gorilla glass which is claimed to be a scratch proof one , my mobile screen has developed a crack within 15 days of use even though I have taken extreme care in its use. I can say with surety that I have not dropped it or banged it to have this kind of scratch on my phone. The product has lost its sheen with a deep line on its screen. I would like to know if any resolution is possible."
 [1] "nice looking and farst working  thanku"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "It is a good product under this range"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Mobile Not okOver heating issue"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Great phone by looking and function."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Sexy mobile ❣ no problem till now!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Hi ,I received this Phone and thanks to Amazon for delivery. After using this phone for 20 days the speaker is not working fine.Suddenly the voice call and play music are silent. I think the speaker is not functioning properly.Could you please help to resolve this issue or how I can replace this phone."
 [7] "Well very good phone , working nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "No it doesn't meet our expectations"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Good Phone @ Good Deal from Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Its a budget phone at budget price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Super Set"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Fantastic"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Overall quality of phone is good.... Well build.... Pretty good display..... Drawback of this phone is camera quality... Rest are pretty awesome."                                                                                                            
 [6] "Great phone by looking and function."                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Sexy mobile ❣ no problem till now!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "the only reason for not buying this phone is fingerprint sensor...other manufacturers has better options in this same price..like Redmi prime 3s"                                                                                                             
 [9] "The phone heats up pretty fast while charging as well as running small gaming app.Rest its a good not better phone in this range of price."                                                                                                                   
[10] "Chrager send with Box is Defective and has ruined the user experience of using new device ... Quality assurance process is not in place and would not recommend to buy from Amazon as customer support denied any kind of help in getting the charger replace"
 [1] "Not up to mark battery very poor" "Good product . No issues with it"
 [3] "cool"                             "Nice"                            
 [5] "good"                             "Good"                            
 [7] "Nice"                             "Good"                            
 [9] "good"                             "Good"                            
 [1] "Best" "GOOD" "Good" "good" "good" "Good" "Fine" "Nice" "good" "good"
 [1] "Good" "Nice" "good" "Good" "nice" "nice" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "The mic does not work and calls are getting dropped from a normal sim"                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "very much flaws..no need to buy for this price, frequent network problem observed in many handsets, no gif support, many file forbid to support..addophile phone..doesnt support other alarm ringtone , and the list goes on..dont buy"
 [3] "Product recieved today. It is not working! And have to make multiple calls to customer care to return the product. Buy mobile from amazon only if you are willing to go through some pain and effort of returning a defective product."
 [4] "I am not happy, moto product is not good,Battery 2800 mhs so not back up 4 Horus only .Camera so bad picture is yellowMobile Look is goodMobile is charge in Hitting mobile phone.so product is not good"                              
 [5] "Not recieve my jio sim card Why?"                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Not up to mark battery very poor"                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Good product . No issues with it"                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Still not received the declared special offers with mobile handset."                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "The phone is good at this price but coming to screen it got scratched by a small key kept in my pocket...is it corning gorilla glass really!"                                                                                          
[10] "My Mobile is getting switched off 5-6 times automatically everyday... I have purchased my phone on 1 November 2016 and this problem is started on 17 November... And it's not going to restart or power on by pressing power button.." 
 [1] "good" "Good" "Good" "good" "good" "good" "good" "nice" "Good" "Goof"
 [1] "Good one" "Good one" "Good but" "So nice☺" "its good" "nice one"
 [7] "gd phone" "Nice set" "GOOD ONE" "Fab...👌" 
 [1] "Good" "Good" "Nice" "GOOD" "Good" "Good" "BEST" "Best" "Nice" "Good"
 [1] "Good one" "good one" "Nice!!!!" "Soo  soo" "Awesome." "Exellent"
 [7] "Its good" "Superb.." "Nice one" "nice one"
 [1] "nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Fair" "Good"
 [1] "Good" "good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Best"
 [1] "As per current scenario this phone is much over priced with the much old SD 410 without fingerprint scanner and gyroscope... Hence multitasking will b a problem. So guys don't buy this phone at this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [2] "DISPLAY GONE WITHIN 3 WEEKS."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "Very decent and light weight phone with good battery, display. Pretty camera especially when you use it with google camera app. Moreover almost stock like experience, which you'll barely get in other devices except nexus phones. Pretty smooth experience despite of a quad core snapdragon 410 processor.  Front facing speaker with sound and clear sound output. This is the best of google that can be offered in 9k. Although motorola is owned by lenovo now, the phone doesn't work or feel cheap, in terms of both software and hardware, especially in a country like ours.Although I can experience occasional lags while playing high end games with maximum resolution.But for daily usage like browsing, texting, calling  and gaming is flawless. Get it."
 [4] "Worst phone!!!😢Audio jack is not working...Speakers are not working...Don't dare to buy this phone.Amazon guys are helpless with motoTelling me to visit service center."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Worst phone I bought it from month ago and my speaker is not at all working and the company is not able to replace ... This is actually not at all for for rating 1star also plzz guys never buy this.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "I am experiencing problem in set. When I save the contact name, the name gets erased in two hours. This problem is there since last three days only. Need to replace or set right the set. Please help."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "very poor quality of glass."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Am getting heating issue..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Please do not buy.. it's not worth 9KNothing new in phone, UI is very bad, touch is not smooth, build quality is pathetic. U can have better options in the same price range."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Another good one from Moto. Had initial WiFi detection problems. A couple of reboots of the phone and the router resolved the issues.Good speakers, display, battery back up and charge time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "DONT BUY THIS PHONE.. ..Heating issue with this phone. Performance of the phone is very poor.!!!!"                                                                                                 
 [2] "No! I didn't get my Moto G play as I expected. Heating problem in my handset. But same another handset was not heating. And I also not get my promo code which had being in offer with my handset."
 [3] "very good mobile, accesories should have been more better, like headphones are worse, not even usful for normal use but the product is very good mobile awesome, camera, speed, battery everything"
 [4] "Great Mobile... I love it."                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Product is quite fantastic"                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Nice product from moto...,"                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "I was not given the zook power bank which was ur offer while I purchased the mobile.Please take proper action for its delivery.or it would be a kind of cheating.Don't let ur fame get faded!!"    
 [8] "The 5 star rating reviews are clearly seen paid reviews by any social media site as they are only of 30 sept and 1 oct so don't buy this on the basis of these reviews"                            
 [9] "It's ok"                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Love it"                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "awesome" "Awesome" "gud one" "Kaimzzz" "Awesome" "Awesome" "Great.!"
 [8] "Awesome" "Amazing" "Awesome"
 [1] "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Nice" "Nice" "Good" "Nice"
 [1] "Awesome"                                                                                     
 [2] "love it"                                                                                     
 [3] "just ok"                                                                                     
 [4] "Amazing"                                                                                     
 [5] "AMAZING"                                                                                     
 [6] "Awesome"                                                                                     
 [7] "GOOD..."                                                                                     
 [8] "Not bad"                                                                                     
 [9] "The mobile is undoubtedly very good , but I didn't not receive any guerilla glass in the box"
[10] "Pathetic responce. Hiting problem.  Back cover colour is feeding. Camera responce is worse.,"
 [1] "good mobile value for money. Decent selfies and camera. Feels very light. Satisfied overall."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Delivery and product was good but amazon is fakeJab maine yeh phone order kiya tha tab ek offer tha ki power bank free tha lekin mujhe sirf cell phone milaAtmost 1hone wala hai"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "This phone is well equipped for day to day use. It is light the display resolution is quite decent, is thin, fits into hand well. Having used for 2 months now I would say worth the money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [4] "i wil never recommend to  any body to buy moto 4 play, it main issue heating and hanging. when i approached to amazone the problem which i am facing but there is no response at their end."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Good phone for the budget"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "2nd sim is not support 4g"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Earn money RS30K-50K per month with Android Mobile while sitting in your home.Govt of India certiied company.Free joining,No Target.Contact us type JOB and send on whatsapp+917874002529"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Waste of money because the device is good but the mobile multitasking and battery gand mostly the price segment is very high .,...camera is also not giving very good photos just ok it's not a F2.2 lens its just common camera...I was tried to return this but they are giving replacement only no refund option ........."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "If you are looking for a smartphone at a low cost, then the Moto G4 Play pros outweigh the cons. it seems tough for other manufacturers to beat the Moto G4.There are some minor differences that the lower cost G4 Play has from the G4 and G4 Plus. For example, the G4 Play does not support the karate chop shortcut motion for turning on the flashlight. But if you manage what to expect from a smartphone due to the low cost, then you will likely be satisfied. I actually recommend this device for someone that is on a budget, someone that is getting a smartphone for the first time or someone that is switching from a feature phone for the first time."
[10] "Using it from 4days .Nice phone.Sound quality is fair.Battery lasts long.Memory is fine.Apps doesn't crash.Apps open very fast.Camera quality is good.I recommend this product to buy."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Best" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Okay"
 [1] "Good" "Good" "nice" "Good" "Good" "good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "good" "😂😂"   "Good" "good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "Nice" "Gaya" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "nice" "Good" "No-1" "Good"
 [1] "Good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Cggy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Great Product Delivery on time"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "The mobile I got is defective and not registered mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Worst phone!!!😢Audio jack is not working...Speakers are not working...Don't dare to buy this phone.Amazon guys are helpless with motoTelling me to visit service center."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Worst phone I bought it from month ago and my speaker is not at all working and the company is not able to replace ... This is actually not at all for for rating 1star also plzz guys never buy this.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "I am experiencing problem in set. When I save the contact name, the name gets erased in two hours. This problem is there since last three days only. Need to replace or set right the set. Please help."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "bad camera quality than moto e pls dont buy it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Nice one from moto , for  phone call, whatsapp, selfies,  video call , fb and for  middle level games  it is enough for a common person and also a good trusted product moto. These futures are enough . why every one looking or expecting more in every product , chose the right one which is suitable for u and don't compare with high-end phone specifications . This is good one for those who are looking good brand with good  futures in these range .  Namaskar , jai hind"
 [1] "I have been using Moto Products from past 3 years. This is another good design and quality product from Moto. I purchased this for my dad and he loves it."                                                           
 [2] "Phone is getting heated up while charging. In spite of 10 GB Free space, phone is getting hanged. Micro SD Card slot is not reading the SD Card properly."                                                            
 [3] "Best for Beginners like dads and moms. Good battery back up as well. My uncle uses it just for social networking and Uber. He is very satisfied for 8k."                                                              
 [4] "Even before 1 week i get it...i got problems in my mobile......wifi is turning on automatically and not getting off...sim are disabled again and again"                                                               
 [5] "Excellent product and delivery also quite good....great one...thank you amazon and seller for selling such good products..I hope this will continue..."                                                               
 [6] "Very bad purchase. Vibration is not working in this new phone.Green mobile is seller ...I don't know whether the phone will be replaced or repaired."                                                                 
 [7] "Issue with cell?Why not to go for this issue less product."                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Its excellent phone for people who use phone  just for fb and WhatsApp. It's light weight, Good battery backup and good camera with pure stock android experience. I preferred this phone over redmi note prime plus."
 [9] "good mobile phone under yhis range ...bt now moto is also a chinese product so u can by redmi or other phone instead this range with batter fetures"                                                                  
[10] "Its working good. The camera quality is good at this price range. There has been no heating complaints as far.Responsive touch is also quite good."                                                                   
 [1] "I purchased this phone 4 months back. So I'm writing this review after 4 months of usage. Firstly it's GPS is not working properly, every now and then it gets struck and shows searching for GPS. And the second problem is during the phone calls it's mobile networks (both SIM) gets disconnected automatically. And the third thing is during the call the phone gets hangs and unable to receive the voice from the person in the other end, even unable to terminate the call (the call end button doesn't works) and my phone bill goes on counting and due to this problem the phone gets heated up very heavy that I afraid that it may catch fire. Each and every time I have to restart my device."
 [2] "Great specs with good battery backup and value for money. Got it for dad , easy to use.He is happy wiyh it.Fast delivery by amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Good phone at this range.I am facing two problems:1. Heating problem during charging2. Sound is not coming clear during call."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "I have been using Moto G since 3 years without any complaint. So that I bought Moto G play 4th Gen and expected more about this product. but I am not satisfied on this product.Positive : Camara quality.Negative : The phone looks like 5.5 inch but the screen size is 5 inch only. I don't know why they manufacture like phone size is large but actual screen size less.Finally, Moto G 1st Gen is pretty good but not  Moto G play 4th Gen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "Almost one month I'm using this phone but never faced any slowness and heating problem. Only one thing which makes this phone poor is Camera."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [6] "Everything works fine good camera quality and all performance I'm satisfied with my moto g4 play in this price range it's a well worthy phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Excellent product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Power bank missing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Superb. Very handy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Camera not so good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Not satisfied bcozfree gift power bank is not receive"                                                                                      
 [2] "I'm using it after dumping iPhone 7 as I had never used new iPhones more than three months from Indian launch date. This product is just ok"
 [3] "I was given a coupon code for the power bank but when i enter the coupon code  there is an error message saying that coupon code is invalid"
 [4] "with in that price segment its very good product, Brand also matters. we may get more specs in other brands but this is excellent product." 
 [5] "Horrible phone , not worth the amount paid. Lags a lot , feels like a cheap plastic phone when held in hand."                               
 [6] "Iam not a heavy user so In my personal opinion, I think this is a good phone in this price range. And thanks for fast delivery by Amazon."  
 [7] "I have gifted it to my dad and its good so far. Camera would have been li'll better but at this price range its awsome with all specs."     
 [8] "Simply superb...."                                                                                                                          
 [9] "Panel is delicate"                                                                                                                          
[10] "A must buy phone. Everything is perfect.Just go for it."                                                                                    
 [1] "My mob is not working properly from November only sound is going automatically then i have toh switch off then the speaker is working"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Bit pricey as compared to other brand at this feature but moto g is best for performance and hardy! But cam quality OK type as usual!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "Performance is gud.Camera is average.Good for average smartphone user.At times overheating issues are there."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "I ordered it for my teachers. I like it very much. If you are looking for rough and tough phone with feature pack then go for it...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "vry gud fon.. no hang..no heating.. heats lil bit durng chrgng..bt its norml keepng in mind its 2 amp chrgr which chrges vry quick.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "i am using motog3 now...its simply awsome...thats the reason why i thought of buying a moto again when i thot of buying a phone for my brother...but it was disappointinggot my phone delivered today...crackling sound from speaker if the volume is raised above half level..i guess Lenovo just ruined MOTO brand!AMAZON..no returns!! It's redirecting me to an app..when I click return...very odd way..NEVER BUY FROM AMAZON"
 [7] "This is what i m nt gonna respecting from a brand like motorolaIts heating like heater not a communication device.Another thing is awfull.You can not return this product due to amazon new wrost policy .You hav to go to motorola care.Definately u know how they respond on these types of errors.Seriously dnt ever think to buy this phone.Fully depressed from both amazon and motorola"                                     
 [8] "There is not option to give less than one star. With in 3 months display turned to pink color and charging is also become too slow."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "It's OK but e3 power is same as thisE3 power wrote 4g LTE but it's a volte set & battery 3500mah so I think e3power is better"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Product is good in price range but very short USB cable and phone is a very delicate if falls on floor hard by mistake it is gone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Must buy...its smooth...UI is amazing. Camera both rear and front more are really nice. Battery doesnt drains. Dont think just buy"
 [2] "This product is not functioning properly since I bought it. Numerous problems are there. Such a bad product made and money wasted."
 [3] "Is phone me update krte hi wifi bnd ni hota any time on rhega n earphones plug bhi doubtful he so plz mt lo moto phle jese ni rhe" 
 [4] "Nice phone for those under a tight budget. Handles normal tasks with ease. A good choice for those who aren't into heavy gaming."  
 [5] "Perhaps one of the best phones for its price.Pure Android stutter free experience.Ultra light weight. Amazing phone"               
 [6] "Superpower phone"                                                                                                                  
 [7] "I really like it"                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Good performance"                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Good."                                                                                                                             
[10] "Good,"                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Till date its working properly. Processing is quite good after installing many apps. Even one day it felled in water, just getting few scratches it's working properly."                                                         
 [2] "Good one to buy but ,at times it gets hanged up but anyway you dont get anything more than this at thic cost,best mobile at this range,Moto has done its best !!"                                                                
 [3] "In love with this set. Specs are superb at this price. Bought this for my mother as Diwali Gift.Furthermore till now , no hanging problem.Highly satisfied"                                                                      
 [4] "Moto G Play,4th Gen (Black)From MOTOROLA is a good experience for me.Good Devilry before time given to me.  (GOOD MOBILE) NiCe amazon\"Thanks \" From 'NEERAJ'"                                                                  
 [5] "Very nice phone because of dual sim and Volte support systemCamera and front facing speaker are decentBatter last for full day and charging is also fast"                                                                        
 [6] "Phone is hitting during camera, downloads, vedio etc. This is major issue which is not expected in moto mobile. In the same or some extra range other mobile like lg redme etc giving more features. This have not much features"
 [7] "Best Mobile Look Is Best"                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "Heating problem occurred"                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Didn't receive pack piece from green mobile. No gift coupon for power bank as well. Clear-cut cheating. Phone quality is very cheap. Unhappy with Amazon this time."                                                             
[10] "Brillant phone under 10k...Quite handy and light weightAmple ram and processor speed.Display is average when compared to other HD display."                                                                                      
 [1] "Great" "Super" "Super" "Great" "Great" "Super" "Good"  "Super" "Great"
[10] "Good."
 [1] "Gud" ":-)" "Yes" "Nce" "wah" "Gud" "wow" "gud" "Ok"  "Bad"
 [1] "I got this mobile 3 days back and I would say only one word that is AWESOME every thing in this mobile is working perfectly no lag no heating no battery drain nothing only buttery smooth ..if any person is thing to buy this mobile and have any confusion then in my opinion get it before its out of stock..Good soundGood touch responseGood battery life and etc etc."                                                                                                         
 [2] "Nice one from moto , for  phone call, whatsapp, selfies,  video call , fb and for  middle level games  it is enough for a common person and also a good trusted product moto. These futures are enough . why every one looking or expecting more in every product , chose the right one which is suitable for u and don't compare with high-end phone specifications . This is good one for those who are looking good brand with good  futures in these range .  Namaskar , jai hind"
 [3] "Great product...Found few limitations which wasn't in my moto g2..Guess its due to the change of ownership..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "The phone has hanging problem, heat up very quickly, even the lagging problem is there and the battery backup is not good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "A great buy under 10k. Go for it. Next to pure Android experience can only come from a Moto phone and Play does the trick"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Design very well 5starTouch is smooth 5Camera is too badFront 3Back 3Battery performance super 5I used this mobile last 2 months I don't find any small thing of issues hats off to moto g4 playVery very disappointed notification light is does not have this phoneOtherwise very well Motorola deviceAll of OK but camera is small issues in low light but that is negligible"                                                                                                     
 [7] "Worthless phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "very nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "excellent phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "I got  Moto g4 play in 2 days. It is good, but only concern is only 1day battery backup.otherthan this every thing fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Mobile is of good looks, Battery is removable, But camera quality is poor. U cant zoom a pic with its original pixels.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Great !!! .......... Its a superb phone in its price range ....... memory is huge, ram is good, display is awesome ...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "The phone works fine ... but I'm not very happy with the specifications.there's not much to it. Camera quality is good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Working very smooth .. Using it from 15 days but yet not found any lag or hanging problems.. Selfie camera is superb .."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Cons:1. No knock knock button2. Outdated phone3. No good camera4  worst ram managementPlease dont buy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "U r given the advertised of the moto g4 play mobile with power bank offer, but Am not get the power bank,  y what is the reason? May I know..?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Hahaha... World growth faster towards improvement but not Motorola... At the same cost we can have much better then G4"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [8] "Bought for my father who is not a feature user.. He is satisfied.. Camera performance in daylight is a surprise indeed"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "It working fine for 15days after Hang lot I not able to use. Service center took 10 days to repair my 17day old phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "Very good phone. Directly make Voice call from Jio SIM. No internet required. Dual SIM works fine. Little difficult for texting a SMS. Also photos can't be segregated separately as per date or album etc. Same thing for Songs also. U have to get a 3rd party App for this. Moto phone had a Resale Value. You can sell it reasonable price rather than exchange it."
 [1] "Product is great. Just now received. Will write again after further testing.Update: I have used the phone for 24 hours extensively. I am loving it. The response is so great. No lag at all for normal use. Haven't tested high end games yet. No heating issues. Body looked light weight and might get damaged easily. So better to protect it with a sturdy case."
 [2] "Product is k but my display has broken and when i went to service center they said 8500Rs for display its too much.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Moto g4 play is best phone .it's quality is too good. The one drawback is that photos are not open from camera app."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "its very bad product , and its heating issue in every phone and i refer to poor rating ,and plz dont buy this phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Nice mobile with good specifications, value for money. Amazon pay balance offer and just a day delivery is awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "My frnds don't buy this phone . This phone I using 1 n half month n i get 2/3 pobblems. Realy it's bery bad phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "value to money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "defected item."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Just received."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "After 7 to 8 hour use have to recharge again also hitting observe while charging and and doing some task on phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [1] "Actually there must be a power bank with this mobile but i didnt received with it. . . . . Its very disappointing"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "It is awesome mobile.No hanging issue found from last 1.5 month of continue using. Battery  charging is awesome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Good product, but normal massage can't send by this phone good looking, can call video call , tuoch is too good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "such a rip off...I can say fuve reasons not to buy it... although there many..1.Major heating issue,2.it feels cheap in the hand, the plastic back cover feels extremely cheap, 3.Back camera is equivalent to 2mp, nd front facing one is like a VGA camera, 4. Interface sucks, fonts is ginormous, which even after choosing 'small'  option in settings its still big nd looks pathetic.5. Battery drains out like crazy.. in 5 mins my battery came from 45% to 35%jus by simple browsing!Please read between the lines.. the chances of you getting back ur money is dim. Don't go by other 5 star fake reviews. Be smart nd pick a better mobile.."
 [5] "It's a amazing phone 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😄😄😄At very low cost and The service provided by amazon was fabulous"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "It could have a sensor touch as a selfie buttonIt's light weight and good at its  outer lining with stainless STEEL BUT I'm unable to get pouches with different designsI would suggest if u guys need internal memory 16gb n slim look .Its really fast with 2gb ramNot bad at rare camera pics with auto focus on face!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Amazon has cheated us by selling this phone {Moto g4 play} because flipkart is selling a phone {Moto e3 power} which is having higher specifications than this phone and cost 1000 rupees lesser , also with a 32gb free memory card ....... They have released a new improved version{Moto e3 power} within 15 days of the  release of this phone{Moto g4 play}So from now on its better to rely on flipkartCheap business tricks####"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "I buy this mobile on sep 10 before one month charger had gone where i go for this to warranty pls give details"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "This is a lovely phone. Love the color, sleek design and very easy to handle. My recommendation- Do buy it!!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "There was an offer on zook power bank, bt aftr receiving the item i have not found any code or smthng like dt."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "Am using this phone at present and not found any problem with this if any thing in future will contact amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Phone is very good at this price range go fr it with no more thinking good cam in the both sides well speaker"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "Wonderful phone...Nice product from Motorola. Was in a great confusion bw E3 power and G4 play but finally decided to go with G4 play.Today I got JIO sim and checked it was 4g VOLTE, it was the only function for which I paid extra 1000 bucks, Worth the money.fully satisfied. Battery performance is a little bit average."
 [4] "Awesome phone, should have had a fingerprint scanner like redmi 3s prime which is available at a same price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "The phone is good.....But Have not get a promo code yet for the Power Bank which is to be given ..as a gift"                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "not satisfied"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "It was a nice product... Go for it..  made in USA..Lenovo ke vajah se naam kharab hoga motorola ka.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Great Mobile with amazing features and timely delivery by AMAZON.... Really superb..... Thanks to Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "many moto G4 play,plus, phones are dying with some silly reasons  after 4 months of use ,i hate lenovo"                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Good battery back upNo heatingCamera quality superb.Good mobile with reasonable price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "I BOUGHT FOR MY WIFE, EXCELLENT MODEL AT THIS PRICE. NICE CAMERA QUALITY AND BATTERY BACK-UP ALSO GOOD"                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "just got it . its appears good on initial usage . will write complete review later after using further"                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Best budget phone better than any low recognized phones moto is owned by Lenovo but still tje quality is same. No heating and hanging issues. Best camera better than Samsung Sony HTC and other brands.Good battery back up,signal strength, loudspeaker, in call speaker, and water repellent coating."
 [4] "excellent phone no heating no hanging... but there is so much ads is coming when using the phone...."                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [5] "Hear phone jack is not working only left side is audible only.  What to do?. Not any faults till yet"                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Fast delivery as usual.best product.100% satisfaction guaranteed.Total shopping quality and service."                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Nice.Great Camera.response time is greatBattery life may not be up to expectations"                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "It's good..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Good Product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Great camera"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Good product"                                                                                       
 [2] "Good product"                                                                                       
 [3] "Good one (y)"                                                                                       
 [4] "Go for it..."                                                                                       
 [5] "Good phone camera back and front very good... Battery backup is good... No issue I am using 15 days"
 [6] "over heated feel like blast any time"                                                               
 [7] "Using this phone from last two months. Both cameras are awesome and performance is also very good." 
 [8] "After 20 days,during voice calls suddenly network disappeared and come back within 5 or 6 seconds." 
 [9] "Bakvas mobileFlashlight is lowBakvas sound systemOtg not sport from file to USB"                    
[10] "Not good at all. costly. screen got broken in just one drop. camera quality very bad. do not buy."  
 [1] "Really very Nice phone by Motorola. gr8 :) loved it.Good packaging by Amazone. The packaging could have been better."      
 [2] "Awesome using from a month ...never heated... best thing is volte... battery backup is awesome and charges much quickly..."
 [3] "Great product...Found few limitations which wasn't in my moto g2..Guess its due to the change of ownership..."             
 [4] "The phone has hanging problem, heat up very quickly, even the lagging problem is there and the battery backup is not good" 
 [5] "A great buy under 10k. Go for it. Next to pure Android experience can only come from a Moto phone and Play does the trick" 
 [6] "I got  Moto g4 play in 2 days. It is good, but only concern is only 1day battery backup.otherthan this every thing fine."  
 [7] "Checkout both the Reviews on my utube channel DennisCNLew1. Full Review2. UnboXing & Camera Review"                        
 [8] "Simply superb...."                                                                                                         
 [9] "Panel is delicate"                                                                                                         
[10] "Mobile is of good looks, Battery is removable, But camera quality is poor. U cant zoom a pic with its original pixels.."   
 [1] "nice" "Good" "Goof" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "Very superb mobileVery fast, doesn't struck, supports everythingSame speed when I've brought it and now"           
 [2] "Nice mobile with good specifications, value for money. Amazon pay balance offer and just a day delivery is awesome"
 [3] "My frnds don't buy this phone . This phone I using 1 n half month n i get 2/3 pobblems. Realy it's bery bad phone."
 [4] "After 7 to 8 hour use have to recharge again also hitting observe while charging and and doing some task on phone" 
 [5] "Actually there must be a power bank with this mobile but i didnt received with it. . . . . Its very disappointing" 
 [6] "Super mobile, gud camera quality sound, internet  speed...I suggest this mobile to Anyone....👍👍👍👍"                 
 [7] "Superpower phone"                                                                                                  
 [8] "I really like it"                                                                                                  
 [9] "Good performance"                                                                                                  
[10] "It is awesome mobile.No hanging issue found from last 1.5 month of continue using. Battery  charging is awesome."  
 [1] "Best" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "good" "Good" "Good" "nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good"
 [1] "many moto G4 play,plus, phones are dying with some silly reasons  after 4 months of use ,i hate lenovo"
 [2] "Good battery back upNo heatingCamera quality superb.Good mobile with reasonable price"                 
 [3] "I BOUGHT FOR MY WIFE, EXCELLENT MODEL AT THIS PRICE. NICE CAMERA QUALITY AND BATTERY BACK-UP ALSO GOOD"
 [4] "just got it . its appears good on initial usage . will write complete review later after using further"
 [5] "Poor battery and Charging Port. Plug in & out Charging Port hard. Lower configuration for this price." 
 [6] "DONT BUY THIS PHONE.. ..Heating issue with this phone. Performance of the phone is very poor.!!!!"     
 [7] "It's looking cool ,but the charger I expected turbo it's not like that is simple data cable charger."  
 [8] "excellent phone no heating no hanging... but there is so much ads is coming when using the phone...."  
 [9] "Hear phone jack is not working only left side is audible only.  What to do?. Not any faults till yet"  
[10] "Fast delivery as usual.best product.100% satisfaction guaranteed.Total shopping quality and service."  
 [1] "Nice" "Good" "Best" "nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "Good" "good" "Good"
 [1] "ok" "Ok" "Ok" "ok" "oK" "Ok" "Ok" "Ok" "Ok" "👌" 
 [1] "Ok" "Ok" "👍"  "Ok" "Ok" "Ok" "NO" "👌"  "ok" "👌" 
 [1] "best" "Good" "good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Nice"
 [1] "Nice" "Good" "Nice" "good" "Good" "good" "Nice" "good" "Nice" "Nice"
 [1] "I ordered mobile with the offer of power bank. I didn't get the coupen code for power bank yet."
 [2] "Awesome work by Moto and Lenevo group. Its a best in class .Best smart phone below 10k margin"  
 [3] "its awesome phone and the camera was superband the services of Amazon is on time and fast"      
 [4] "Perfect stuff with perfect price...worth buying...awesome battery backup...turbo charging👍👍👍"   
 [5] "Yesterday I got the phone and nice battery back up overall today's and lack of led notification"
 [6] "Getting hang sometimes nd having sensor problem too. Have not received the OS update too  yet." 
 [7] "Excellent mobile in the price range of Rs.9000/. Easy to operate. Battery does not drain fast." 
 [8] "not satisfied"                                                                                  
 [9] "it is very good Mobile i ever buyied , battery backup awesome , thanks to Amazon good Service"  
[10] "Worst purchasing experience for this product.Providing Cashback after 2-3 months awful."        
 [1] "Very good service by amazon & also the product is very good I am using it from last 3 months."
 [2] "Loved it no lags,no heating 100% recommend got on discount 1000 off ear phone is not good...."
 [3] "moto g4 play very good quality,camera is fantastic ,very sleam& mob.prise suitable for me"    
 [4] "Awesome... Phone.. Under this budget. It is highly recommended... Awesome... Thank you Amazon"
 [5] "A very good product from Motorola. Exceeded all my expectations. Loving every moment with it."
 [6] "Product is nice . Amazon has not transferred the cash back thru pay balance yet for rs 1000." 
 [7] "Overheating issues from day 1.But a nice buy compared to other brands in this amount."        
 [8] "After a few months of use there are some problems otherwise it is a nice mobile @ Rs.9,000."  
 [9] "This does not support Volte, amazon is selling with volte enabled, but will not support Jio"  
[10] "Functioning smoothlybut facing problem with phone mic and battery is draining quickly"        
 [1] "Update...got my power bankSuperb mobile..never hang and 4g jio speed gone 2-3mb with it." 
 [2] "hitting problem,, when u plug in thecharger that time both mobile & Adapter will hit"     
 [3] "If you are looking to buy branded and budget phone, then this is an ideal choice for you."
 [4] "Product achaaa haiPar1000 rupia Amazon pay balance FAKE haiso be alert"                   
 [5] "There is a heating problem with the phone.  as well as Camera quality is not good."       
 [6] "This phone is very good at this price. Works very smoothly. Photos are clear and crisp."  
 [7] "Product is not working fine.Some times screen size is automatically getting very small."  
 [8] "It's good..."                                                                             
 [9] "Good Product"                                                                             
[10] "Great camera"                                                                             
 [1] "Good" "Good" "Okay" "Good" "Good" "nice" "Good" "Good" "good" "Good"
 [1] "Amazon delivered promptly the product. Best budget pbone.Better for gentle use"      
 [2] "after 2 months of usage its giving problem... phone hanging..... not responding....."
 [3] "Performance is not up to the mark want refund for it. Don't buy it and never buy it."
 [4] "Fast 4g phone. Stock android. Good battery life.Pretty responsive. Value for money." 
 [5] "Phone was good for this price but camera was 5/10 and it was not so good as moto g3" 
 [6] "Awesome phone! Great price... loved the amazon experience! Keep up the good work :D" 
 [7] "Missing handfone in my orderSpeaker problemTouch problem&Etc....."                   
 [8] "Best mobile at this price, value for money Standard quality , must buy this product" 
 [9] "Nice phone and very smooth touch and brilliant camera of phone in this range......"  
[10] "Awesome choice for stock Android lovers,  stock android lags lesser @ 2gb ram too."  
 [1] "Good" "Good" "Good" "Nice" "Gaya" "Nice" "Good" "Good" "Good" "nice"
 [1] "nice mobile"                                                                    
 [2] "Good phone."                                                                    
 [3] "Nice phone."                                                                    
 [4] "Awesome...."                                                                    
 [5] "Does it supports OTG.....?  N both sim Network s supports 4g.....?"             
 [6] "It is very good, handset in low rates. It's camera is good, speed is also fast."
 [7] "superb phone but it waits less and I have a doubt whether it is original or not"
 [8] "Osm Fon . Camera quality and battery backup is too good. Full paisa vassooollll"
 [9] "Product is fabulous but product is not delivered to me within specified time.." 
[10] "Best for Rs.9000 onlyBattery performance is great.Camera is awsome"             
 [1] "Initially there was some problem with video calling but later issue was resolved...nyc product."
 [2] "performance is low. showing blank screen if we delete last image. few videos are getting stuck."
 [3] "I ordered mobile with the offer of power bank. I didn't get the coupen code for power bank yet."
 [4] "Awesome work by Moto and Lenevo group. Its a best in class .Best smart phone below 10k margin"  
 [5] "its awesome phone and the camera was superband the services of Amazon is on time and fast"      
 [6] "Perfect stuff with perfect price...worth buying...awesome battery backup...turbo charging👍👍👍"   
 [7] "Yesterday I got the phone and nice battery back up overall today's and lack of led notification"
 [8] "Getting hang sometimes nd having sensor problem too. Have not received the OS update too  yet." 
 [9] "Excellent mobile in the price range of Rs.9000/. Easy to operate. Battery does not drain fast." 
[10] "Best mobile"                                                                                    
 [1] "Mobile is getting heat not happy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [2] "I didn't got the free power bank"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "Very good product at this price."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Worst purchasing experience for this product.Providing Cashback after 2-3 months awful."                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Very good service by amazon & also the product is very good I am using it from last 3 months."                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Loved it no lags,no heating 100% recommend got on discount 1000 off ear phone is not good...."                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "moto g4 play very good quality,camera is fantastic ,very sleam& mob.prise suitable for me"                                                                                                                                                                        
 [8] "Awesome... Phone.. Under this budget. It is highly recommended... Awesome... Thank you Amazon"                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "A very good product from Motorola. Exceeded all my expectations. Loving every moment with it."                                                                                                                                                                    
[10] "Was about to put my choice on Redmi. But luckily Motorola launched the new range. Ordered Moto G4 play without any second thought. It's a great phone for gaming experience under 10k. Camera performance is average. Overall a great product under decent price."
 [1] "nice mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Good phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Nice phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Awesome...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "This does not support Volte, amazon is selling with volte enabled, but will not support Jio"                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Functioning smoothlybut facing problem with phone mic and battery is draining quickly"                                                                                                                                                                        
 [7] "Update...got my power bankSuperb mobile..never hang and 4g jio speed gone 2-3mb with it."                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Really good phone with excellent camera. Product quality is really good. Writing this review after a month of use. Battery stays entire day with mix use.Jio sim works very well.Call quality is good.Camera is decent for this price range."                 
 [9] "Great budget phone. Have used for over a week now. No complaints. Gorilla glass is very necessary especially with kids at home. Wished battery to have been bigger. But bought it knowing that so no negatives there. And this has turbo charger which helps."
[10] "worth the money spent on it..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [1] "Nice mobile. I love it...Awaiting next upgrade in android version"      
 [2] "Sometime auto off and not able to power on until  reinsert the battery."
 [3] "My mobile internal storage 11GB .But mobile specification 16GB ."       
 [4] "it was awesome , no hanging , battery is great and with in budget too." 
 [5] "Really happy with g4 play good performance and happy with quick charge" 
 [6] "Mobile is good enough in this price and delivery was before said time." 
 [7] "Amazing product. Wonderful.It runs superfast.Nice camera."              
 [8] "Didnt received any freee power bank. Its allf ake....feeling cheated."  
 [9] "Good Phone...Work out well and longevity depends on the way of usage."  
[10] "There is no Gallery icon in the phone very hard to access to pictures"  
 [1] "Awesome product. Touch is so smooth. I recommend to buy this product."
 [2] "One of the latest model from moto  and best price for the smart phone"
 [3] "Not satisfied bcozfree gift power bank is not receive"                
 [4] "Very poor battery backup, draining very fast even in stand by mood."  
 [5] "Excellent phone. Thin and less weight. Battery capacity is awesome."  
 [6] "A good phone at this rate.. no heating issue.. good camera clicks.."  
 [7] "Very poor"                                                            
 [8] "i like it"                                                            
 [9] "Excellent"                                                            
[10] "Excelent Buy, Working perfectly fine. Packaging was good & sealed."   
 [1] "Good mobil phone...sleek degine...light weight..easy handaling...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Nice product . Good quality, Good battery life, smooth touching..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Fake did not get the power bank mentioned in product display page."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "Amazon has cheated us by selling this phone {Moto g4 play} because flipkart is selling a phone {Moto e3 power} which is having higher specifications than this phone and cost 1000 rupees lesser , also with a 32gb free memory card ....... They have released a new improved version{Moto e3 power} within 15 days of the  release of this phone{Moto g4 play}So from now on its better to rely on flipkartCheap business tricks####"
 [5] "I've been using this for the past 3 months... It's a good buy! 👍"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [6] "Moto should improve on there designAll phones looks same!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "This is awesome mobile I'm very happy. Good delivery from amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Phone is good as I expected, but need to improve delivery period."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "super phone....because when compare to other models .. it better"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Value for money. Display is good. Higher RAM allows multitasking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "A must buy phone. Everything is perfect.Just go for it."        
 [2] "Awesom phone in this budget. Camera quality is disappointed me."
 [3] "Only battery backup is good remaining all features are average."
 [4] "Rapid charging and fast performance makes the phone captivating"
 [5] "I've purchased this product on sale. When i can get cash back?" 
 [6] "The product is very good and delivery by amazon was very good." 
 [7] "Phone is good but this is lenovo product.front camera is bad."  
 [8] "I'm 2time buying... Bcz of this mb is 2 like me.  awesome..."   
 [9] "Works cool as of now.I'll update my feedback in month."         
[10] "No it doesnt met my expection and i want return the product."   
 [1] "Finishing is quite not good when compared to other mobiles.."
 [2] "sob accha hai magar orbi agar discount milta tho better tha."
 [3] "Delivery on time and product is seal packed.Every things OK."
 [4] "Good mobile at this price all thr optionz are good"          
 [5] "Phone is over heating after 10 Min watching video."          
 [6] "Received defective piece on arrival  no one is helping here" 
 [7] "Product is good,But I am not received 1000 ₹ Cashback"       
 [8] "all features shown on Amazon of moto g play are not true..." 
 [9] "Worst phone ....problem in receiving calls. And talking too" 
[10] "camera and sound quality is poor dont purchase this product" 
 [1] "Best mobile in this price category.. better than redmi 3s prime.. go for it"                                                                                                                       
 [2] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Awsm, light weight ,cool look, everything perfect as per the payment"                                                                                                                              
 [4] "Great Phone considering the price and the deal on Amazon was awesome.Got it for 9K with 10% cash back & 1K gift voucher. The product was delivered in 2 days, much earlier than the promised date."
 [5] "good product...no heating issue.. speed good.. looks good.. camera wow..."                                                                                                                         
 [6] "I find this smart phone very friendly to work with. I am satisfied fully."                                                                                                                         
 [7] "I don't like this phone. Facing video playing problem not buy this phone."                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Camera glass scratches"                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Worst product... Not even worth 1 star! Got defective one ! Don't buy it"                                                                                                                          
[10] "Excellent product. Bus some heating problem are there when playing game."                                                                                                                          
 [1] "i am unable to on the front flash in this cell phone could u pls help me"                                                                                                    
 [2] "Getting stuck every time i switch apps between ..Poor performance."                                                                                                          
 [3] "Nice mobile. I love it...Awaiting next upgrade in android version"                                                                                                           
 [4] "Sometime auto off and not able to power on until  reinsert the battery."                                                                                                     
 [5] "Camera is good. Smooth touch, good batary backup, music gud, some issuses are  below-1-mob heatup during charging, callig etc2_no function for direct videocal (without app)"
 [6] "My mobile internal storage 11GB .But mobile specification 16GB ."                                                                                                            
 [7] "it was awesome , no hanging , battery is great and with in budget too."                                                                                                      
 [8] "Really happy with g4 play good performance and happy with quick charge"                                                                                                      
 [9] "Mobile is good enough in this price and delivery was before said time."                                                                                                      
[10] "It's good as compared to price.But it is too worst mobile after moto is tie up with lenovo.It's quality is very poor also software and overall quality is very very poor."   
 [1] "Nice set - Looking nice and we meet our expectations."
 [2] "To experience the flawless performance just buy this."
 [3] "Good, but moto e is available in same feature with 8k"
 [4] "outdated,displays looks old,speakers are not working."
 [5] "It is a good mobile.  Better than other Moto G models"
 [6] "A good one at this price range. Little heating issue."
 [7] "Exelent"                                              
 [8] "Love it"                                              
 [9] "Awesome"                                              
[10] "Great Mobile to be used with Jio For best experiance" 
 [1] "Very good phone and available very easily on Amazon."
 [2] "If looking for good product within rate, recommended"
 [3] "Battery is not working just after 2 months of usage" 
 [4] "To satisfied from this app and good facilities..@👍"  
 [5] "Phone getting heat when using mobile data and calls" 
 [6] "Good mobile but it is heating slightly after use..." 
 [7] "problem moblies are supply by amzon.speaker problem" 
 [8] "Very bad not supported with all usuall application"  
 [9] "Nice phone working Google delivery good. Go for it"  
[10] "As expected from MotoThe phone is great. . ."        
 [1] "Nyc"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "I am disappointed with the quality of the screen. Though it has a gorilla glass which is claimed to be a scratch proof one , my mobile screen has developed a crack within 15 days of use even though I have taken extreme care in its use. I can say with surety that I have not dropped it or banged it to have this kind of scratch on my phone. The product has lost its sheen with a deep line on its screen. I would like to know if any resolution is possible."
 [3] "Excellent phone. Thin and less weight. Battery capacity is awesome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "A good phone at this rate.. no heating issue.. good camera clicks.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Excelent Buy, Working perfectly fine. Packaging was good & sealed."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [6] "Good mobil phone...sleek degine...light weight..easy handaling...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [7] "Nice product . Good quality, Good battery life, smooth touching..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [8] "Fake did not get the power bank mentioned in product display page."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Delivery is on the time. The mobile is excellent and after one week no problem appears. Camera quality is good also in night. No leggings yet. Nice phone at this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "there is no option for screen shot.... i felt too bad and performance is not enough good.... i think this is the worst phone i ever seen in the motorola products....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Smoothly working and battery backup is excellent"
 [2] "Only Camera is not good, rest the phone is fine."
 [3] "Good phone under 10k... Amazing charging speed👌" 
 [4] "Very good phone and I m use phone and best phone"
 [5] "Very excellent productCamera very product"       
 [6] "no words to say just simply good and lovely one" 
 [7] "Don't by with in 2days it's hang & not working." 
 [8] "Its a genuine mobile, camera also good quality," 
 [9] "Good phoneWith a immaculate built quality"       
[10] "Mobile is good but late delivery by 10 days...." 
 [1] "Where is the free power bank? It is missing."                                                                                                               
 [2] "Love it"                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "Awesome"                                                                                                                                                    
 [4] "I've purchased this product on sale. When i can get cash back?"                                                                                             
 [5] "The product is very good and delivery by amazon was very good."                                                                                             
 [6] "I am not satisfied because there is no gallery and  music app for this moto g4 play and installed gallery was not working and mobile get hang at some times"
 [7] "Charger shipped with product has stopped charging now.. really very bad.. now I have to purchase new one .. not sure if Amazon can help me in replacement." 
 [8] "quick delivery, plenty of in depth reviews on the internet so not getting into that, but this is a good phone at the price offered and features available." 
 [9] "Phone is good but this is lenovo product.front camera is bad."                                                                                              
[10] "Great mobile superb looking in hand ......"                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Buy it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "EMI was not converted after emi selection too"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "The 5 star rating reviews are clearly seen paid reviews by any social media site as they are only of 30 sept and 1 oct so don't buy this on the basis of these reviews"                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Great smartphone at a great price. I will be covering all the pros and cons of this device.Pros:1) Sharp and crisp display.2) No lags whatsoever.3) High end games run very smoothly.4) Runs on marshmallow. Hopefully we will get nougat soon.5) Average speaker.6) Great touch response.7) Average camera quality.Cons:1) Not so great battery life."
 [5] "Ok ok phone under 10KMoto E3 is better"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Phone is good bt free power bank wasn't give"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "No JIO sim included as written in offer page"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "Except battery problem every thing is fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Best mobile...Best best best,motorola rocks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[10] "Mobile good but  battery backup very poor.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [1] "camera and sound quality is poor dont purchase this product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [2] "It's light weight. Perfect size and best in that generation"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [3] "Hi guys phone is just superb, premium look, no hang screen loks awesome overall a high budget phone it looks blindly go with it if ur looking below 10k.Everything fine except the delivery guy of hyderabad mehdipatnam area worest fallow without coming for deliver product, simply updated as customer not available. Wanna screw tgat fellow."
 [4] "I was received defective product. Amazon given replacement"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Good phone, better features and best model as per my view."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [6] "I love this phone due to its performance and light weight"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Good handy light weight phone with superb battery backup."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Really Good product for a minimal use. Totally satisfied."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Very good camera, light in weight and good battery backup"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Excellent Amazon service. Excellent product as per price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Don't buy this mobile from Amazon as this mobile is not supporting properly . Mobile getting heating when using 4G. Over the wifi it's good only.also seeing some call audio quality is not good . The support also not at all good from Amazon. I personally felt this and sharing the same."
 [2] "Nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Please don't buy this phone.And also one should not buy electronics from amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Prompt delivery . Love the product also."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Camera is not up to the mark..rest is ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Product was really good. U must buy this"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [7] "Very nice phone according to its price.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Great mobile.Delivery before time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "worth the money spent on it..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "facing flash light problem in new phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Good. , cash back will send to my bank account please"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "Nice set - Looking nice and we meet our expectations."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "To experience the flawless performance just buy this."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "Good, but moto e is available in same feature with 8k"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "outdated,displays looks old,speakers are not working."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "It is a good mobile.  Better than other Moto G models"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "A good one at this price range. Little heating issue."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Micromax is an Indian company.IBall is an Indian company.HCL is an Indian company.Intex is an Indian company.Karbonn is an Indian company.Lava is an Indian company.Virgin is an Indian company.Videocon is an Indian company.XOLO is an Indian company.============================Lenovo(Motorola) is a Chinese company.Coolpad is a Chinese company.Gionee is a Chinese company.Huawei is a Chinese company.Vivo is a Chinese company.Le eco(le tv) is a Chinese companyXiaomi(Mi/Redmi) is a Chinese company============================Acer is a Taiwanese company.Asus is a Taiwanese company.HTC is a Taiwanese company.============================Dell is an American company.Apple is an American company.HP is an American company.Microsoft is an American company.============================BlackBerry is a Canadian company.============================Sony is a Japanese company.Toshiba is a Japanese company.Panasonic is a Japanese company.============================Philips is a Netherlands company.============================Samsung is a South Korean company.LG is a South Korean company.============================Nokia is a Finland company.Now act n forward this to all groups.🙏🙏 China has stopped Brahmaputra water flowing into Indian side as a symbolic support to Pakistan. Time to be serious about country. Stop buying all Chinese goods especially in Diwali shopping. Dont let Indian money flow to China.plz frward in ur groups"
 [9] "Very good phone and available very easily on Amazon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "If looking for good product within rate, recommended"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [1] "Good."                                 
 [2] "One of the best phone under INR 9000/-"
 [3] "Very poor,  device not support SD card"
 [4] "Smooth touch and Good battery backup.."
 [5] "Excellent phone and got within 3 days."
 [6] "Good mobile and excellent working...." 
 [7] "best bang for the buck after discount" 
 [8] "Good experience, enjoyed shopping !!!" 
 [9] "awesome product at most minimum price" 
[10] "Awesome phone is 8999☺totally like it" 
 [1] "Phone is good one. But while charging heats a lot."                                                               
 [2] "Received. Damaged instrument."                                                                                    
 [3] "Amazing Product..camera quality is just awesome.."                                                                
 [4] "Mobile is great..but amazon service is pathetic.."                                                                
 [5] "Power is really free with purchasing this product"                                                                
 [6] "Very good phone under 10k, light weight  camera is good , battery life is good.thax to Amazon for quick delivery."
 [7] "very good mobile jayaprakash"                                                                                     
 [8] "Handy and good phone with latest feature only problem is heating.... when phone put on charging its get heated."  
 [9] "Its nice phone nd amazon service ......love this"                                                                 
[10] "Smoothly working and battery backup is excellent"                                                                 
 [1] "Only Camera is not good, rest the phone is fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Good phone under 10k... Amazing charging speed👌"                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Very good phone and I m use phone and best phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Hi frds, we are purchasing moto g 4th play phone is fastest but Camara is very not good quality and setting not in. Many future are less in this phone am very boring phone gallery is not in show all online photo icon added must be valued phone is good"
 [5] "Nice phone in 9000 rs ..touch was good..camera manageable.battery not up to mark.overall good phone from moto"                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Was supposed to get afew offers along with purchase ,got none"                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "no words to say just simply good and lovely one"                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Don't by with in 2days it's hang & not working."                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Its a genuine mobile, camera also good quality,"                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Good phoneWith a immaculate built quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Mobile is good but late delivery by 10 days...."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "It's a good phone but camera is not good at all"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [3] "The Moto G has never been a flashy phone. It’s grounded, durable and functional. It also has to meet a substantially low price, so unnecessary extras and luxuries have to be ditched.It’s still made mostly of plastic, but it far outweighs its £169 price-tag. The front is simple and clean, with no branding and no buttons of any sort. There’s the smallest hint of flair with a silver-rimmed speaker opening at the top, but that’s it.The metal frame adds some quality and strength to the mix, but I’d like some tougher, less plasticky, buttons. The volume and standby keys on the sides require a good hit of force and they’re a bit mushy, but I’m being overly picky – they're still perfectly functional.The rear panel has been a bit divisive in the TrustedReviews office, and I’m not completely a fan. Gone is the heavily ridged, almost rubbery, feel of the 2015 version and it’s been replaced by a soft-touch textured plastic. It’s grippy, but it feels strange and seems to get oily and greasy very quickly.The once-iconic ‘Moto Dimple’ is getting less and less pronounced with every phone. On the original Moto X it was the perfect spot to place your finger, but now it’s barely noticeable. Above the batwing logo sits the camera and flash, encased in glass and surrounded by a silver oval.Like previous Moto Gs, the back pops off to allow some colourful customisation through sold-separately backplates. This is also where you access the microSD card and SIM slots, meaning you don’t need an annoying SIM tool to access them. Interestingly, the SIM slot works with both a Micro and a Nano card – a nice touch I haven’t seen before.Even though the back comes off, the battery is firmly attached. Sorry to those of you who love replaceable cells. The Moto G4 has also lost its predecessor's water-resistance powers, though it still should escape a trip through the rain unscathed.Moto G4 camera sample low lightSUMMARYOUR SCORE:PROSSo much tech for your cash\u2028Reliable camera\u2028Great screen\u2028No useless software\u2028Handy Moto tweaks\u2028CONSVery big\u2028Divisive textured back\u2028No NFCBEST DEALS FOR MOTOROLA MOTO G4 2016COMPARE PLANSKEY FEATURES5.5-inch 1080p displaySnapdragon 617 CPU2GB RAM16GB storage3,000 mAh battery13MP camera5MP selfie cameraAndroid 6.0.1Manufacturer: MotorolaReview Price: £169.00WHAT IS THE MOTO G4?I've reviewed a lot of flagships phones this year, like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and iPhone 7, but there isn't a better deal out there than the Moto G4 2016. And it's only £169.The budget phone of choice for many, and three-time TrustedReviews Budget Phone of the Year winner, has received an update. And while it’s now officially a Lenovo phone, the magical combination of performance, features and value hasn't been lost.It’s fast, has a great camera for the cost, a bright screen and Nexus-like software. I do have some reservations about the size, but honestly every other affordable phone maker should be worried. Seriously worried.This item is currently on sale , meaning you could bag a bargain. Check out our Black Friday deals for more savings, and get a deal on the Moto G 2016 below:Read also: iPhone 7MOTO G4 – DESIGNThe Moto G has never been a flashy phone. It’s grounded, durable and functional. It also has to meet a substantially low price, so unnecessary extras and luxuries have to be ditched.It’s still made mostly of plastic, but it far outweighs its £169 price-tag. The front is simple and clean, with no branding and no buttons of any sort. There’s the smallest hint of flair with a silver-rimmed speaker opening at the top, but that’s it.Related: Best budget Android phonesThe metal frame adds some quality and strength to the mix, but I’d like some tougher, less plasticky, buttons. The volume and standby keys on the sides require a good hit of force and they’re a bit mushy, but I’m being overly picky – they're still perfectly functional.The rear panel has been a bit divisive in the TrustedReviews office, and I’m not completely a fan. Gone is the heavily ridged, almost rubbery, feel of the 2015 version and it’s been replaced by a soft-touch textured plastic. It’s grippy, but it feels strange and seems to get oily and greasy very quickly.The once-iconic ‘Moto Dimple’ is getting less and less pronounced with every phone. On the original Moto X it was the perfect spot to place your finger, but now it’s barely noticeable. Above the batwing logo sits the camera and flash, encased in glass and surrounded by a silver oval.Like previous Moto Gs, the back pops off to allow some colourful customisation through sold-separately backplates. This is also where you access the microSD card and SIM slots, meaning you don’t need an annoying SIM tool to access them. Interestingly, the SIM slot works with both a Micro and a Nano card – a nice touch I haven’t seen before.Even though the back comes off, the battery is firmly attached. Sorry to those of you who love replaceable cells. The Moto G4 has also lost its predecessor's water-resistance powers, though it still should escape a trip through the rain unscathed.motog4 7My biggest issue with the Moto G4 is the size of the thing. It’s well and truly a phablet, and it’s as wide as the iPhone 6S Plus (though not as tall) making it cumbersome to hold unless you have large hands. It’s a two-handed phone for sure, and my thumb can’t easily move from the top of the screen to the bottom unless I grip it with my palms.The jump from a 5-inch to a 5.5-inch display is clearly the main factor in this growth, but in doing so I feel it loses some of the mass-market appeal that made the previous iterations so great. It’s not heavy or particularly thick, but I have passed it between friends and the vast majority have said it’s too big for them.With Lenovo releasing two versions of the G4 and one boasting a ‘Plus’ branding, it seems odd they’re both 5.5 inches. I’d have much preferred one to stay at a more manageable 5-inch size, or even 4.7-inch, and the other sitting higher above."
 [4] "Good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "worst customer service. playing games with the user and not at all accepting refund for defective article."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Good experienceBut issue with hearphones"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "as per money all are good .i like it ..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "All good but the mobile discharging very soon."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [9] "Awesome 4G budget phone. Value for your money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "What is the warranty of charger and headphone?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Worst phone memory card not supported properly"                                                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "Very nice phone in this price...m using it from last 5months, no phone hanging, no heating problem yet."                                                                                                           
 [3] "Look is good but back camra quality poor. This is 4g volte but video calling not supported jio or other"                                                                                                           
 [4] "EMI was not converted after emi selection too"                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "its not dual-standby (4G+4G) as mentioned. hangs for some seconds sometimes. overall average product."                                                                                                             
 [6] "I'm completely satisfied with the product and also with its delivery. Everything is up to the point."                                                                                                              
 [7] "Good product. Quick battery charging, nice front cam with good lighting,  nice design and handy.Need to improve rare came and performance and speed.As I was used it only one day. Expecting little more features."
 [8] "Phone is good bt free power bank wasn't give"                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "No JIO sim included as written in offer page"                                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "Worst smartphone ever. There is no personal customisation and even we can't set personal ringtone"                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Bad mobile....I bought just 15 days back but it's automatically switches off and on....and more worst thing is that the procedure to obtain an invoice via mail is very difficult fr amazon.....better go for flipkart"
 [2] "Note genuine exchange offer when you try to buy it says 'exchange offer expired' again and again"                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Except battery problem every thing is fine."                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Best mobile...Best best best,motorola rocks"                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Mobile good but  battery backup very poor.."                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "Best product I have seen! Motorola is best."                                                                                                                                                                           
 [7] "Phone is  good but some times it hangs and voice clarity is not good battery back up problem ."                                                                                                                        
 [8] "G4playMobile Software very bad"                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [9] "Its very nice .but did not get power bank."                                                                                                                                                                            
[10] "Little heating systemBut looks great"                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "5*" "Ok" "ok" "Ok" "Ok" "ok" "oK" "Ok" "Ok" "Ok"
 [1] "Ok" "👌"  "Ok" "Ok" "👍"  "Ok" "Ok" "Ok" "NO" "👌" 
 [1] "Excellent mobile in low budget"                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "speedy delivery. good product."                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Good phone. . Totally worth it"                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "It's good mobile and I like it"                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Best phone in market as if now"                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Great product..value for money"                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Nice but not conference option"                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Great phone,  worth your money"                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Delivery is on the time. The mobile is excellent and after one week no problem appears. Camera quality is good also in night. No leggings yet. Nice phone at this price"
[10] "Moto g play. It was fantastic. Very nice body and its style too. Camera was good. Its really handy to use.Worth for price. Simply awesome and just wonderful...."       
 [1] "there is no option for screen shot.... i felt too bad and performance is not enough good.... i think this is the worst phone i ever seen in the motorola products....."
 [2] "awesome phone full pure android experience and who said the camera is not good.Its brilliant than any other in this price range. And ram management is also good."     
 [3] "Sound system not satisfied in"                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Battery service is not good.."                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Excellent phone at its price."                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Phone is good value for mojey"                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Not as per the advertisement."                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "I am not satisfied because there is no gallery and  music app for this moto g4 play and installed gallery was not working and mobile get hang at some times"           
 [9] "Good product and best mobile"                                                                                                                                          
[10] "I recieved defective charger"                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "I did not get Jio sim I get only mobile"
 [2] "Good phone . Not satisfied with battery"
 [3] "It is working good without nay issues.."
 [4] "Good mobile on this price. Working good"
 [5] "Havent received the free power bank yet"
 [6] "The item has fulfilled my expectations."
 [7] "Very good and nice touch camera is good"
 [8] "Awesome fone nly a little heating issue"
 [9] "good"                                   
[10] "Good"                                   
 [1] "Good budget phone under 9000"                                                                                                                              
 [2] "Looks ok...resolution is low"                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Charger shipped with product has stopped charging now.. really very bad.. now I have to purchase new one .. not sure if Amazon can help me in replacement."
 [4] "quick delivery, plenty of in depth reviews on the internet so not getting into that, but this is a good phone at the price offered and features available."
 [5] "Phone is working wonderful."                                                                                                                               
 [6] "Flipkart price is 1000 less"                                                                                                                               
 [7] "Not at all working properly"                                                                                                                               
 [8] "Best ever deal good product"                                                                                                                               
 [9] "When I get free power bank?"                                                                                                                               
[10] "On time delivery, excellent"                                                                                                                               
 [1] "This phone 4g volte support" "I can't get invoice copy..."
 [3] "I am fie with this product." "Good to buy at this range.."
 [5] "good phone , light weight,"  "Excellent phone under 10k." 
 [7] "Simply good for daily use."  "Eagerly waitinggg mondayyy" 
 [9] "Excellent Phone ..loved it"  "It's getting hanged a lot"  
 [1] "Moto g play is super phone,if we will utilise all the feature of technology"
 [2] "Bakwas product third class's  2 din baad hi speaker kharab ho gaya apne aap"
 [3] "Moto g is much fasterI like it"                                             
 [4] "I want servicing center in Hyderabad"                                       
 [5] "Affordable & poor Android experience"                                       
 [6] "Really good phone.i love this phone."                                       
 [7] "Best Mobile in its category. Period."                                       
 [8] "It is very good mobile in low price"                                        
 [9] "Great mobile with affordable price."                                        
[10] "Excellent productall our good"                                              
 [1] "It is best in small rate"                                                       
 [2] "Good phone for the money"                                                       
 [3] "best as per my expection"                                                       
 [4] "Satisfied with the phone"                                                       
 [5] "best item for that price"                                                       
 [6] "This phone is note worty"                                                       
 [7] "Good Phone,Fast delivery"                                                       
 [8] "Awesome device.........."                                                       
 [9] "Super phone, worthy....."                                                       
[10] "Batarry backup ok ,head phone plug& unplug symbol not appear,sound medium level"
 [1] "No phoneNo review"       "a budget phone, love it"
 [3] "OK but mbl getting heat" "It is good and elegant."
 [5] "Awesome under this rate" "Best middle range phone"
 [7] "worth it all your cost." "Value for money product"
 [9] "Nice... worth of buying" "More than expecttations"
 [1] "this very good product"                                                                                           
 [2] "Perfect midrange phone"                                                                                           
 [3] "Horrible phone ,I hate"                                                                                           
 [4] "Decent phone no hassle"                                                                                           
 [5] "best phone under 10000"                                                                                           
 [6] "Didn't get the battery"                                                                                           
 [7] "Absolutely fine mobile"                                                                                           
 [8] "Very good phone under 10k, light weight  camera is good , battery life is good.thax to Amazon for quick delivery."
 [9] "Handy and good phone with latest feature only problem is heating.... when phone put on charging its get heated."  
[10] "Product is amazing 👍"                                                                                             
 [1] "This is not such good phone as the company represents MOTOROLA."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Fast deliveryGood product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Crack on the lens of the camera"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "Bad experience and bad services"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "I have received a damaged phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "Nice phone and price is awesome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Worst Mobile...too much heating"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "I received the phone with broken glass don't know what to do"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [9] "Design is very bad like camera?Dont buy this phone on amazon"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[10] "Bought this phone on launch date . Serious issues with the phone . It becomes audio-less while working . Music goes audio less , phone does not ring when someone calls and even cant hear when you answer the call . Also have formatted the cell once but still the problem persist .Besides that no service center in our vicinity which again makes it difficult to take help .  After talking to customer service desk they guide you to switch the phone to safe mode and after a day or so phone becomes normal . Again after few day back to square one ,it goes audio less.Strong not recommended."
 [1] "Fine for that budget"                                                                                   
 [2] "Very good cell phone"                                                                                   
 [3] "Amazing Master Piece"                                                                                   
 [4] "Nice product...worth"                                                                                   
 [5] "Best for 1year using"                                                                                   
 [6] "Nice one as expected"                                                                                   
 [7] "Very nice phone in this price...m using it from last 5months, no phone hanging, no heating problem yet."
 [8] "Look is good but back camra quality poor. This is 4g volte but video calling not supported jio or other"
 [9] "its not dual-standby (4G+4G) as mentioned. hangs for some seconds sometimes. overall average product."  
[10] "Don't buy iam used in after one month . phone mic its problem . And speaker also its up normal sound"   
 [1] "Great phone,  worth your money"                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "network problem.. few time there will no network in mobile"                                                                                                                                                                 
 [3] "We have not received the Power bank with it which is free."                                                                                                                                                                 
 [4] "no service centre of motorola in ahmedabad city for moto g play as per the list provided by them. They have service centres in small towns. People should be careful before buying it. Check your city before buying it...."
 [5] "Sound system not satisfied in"                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "Battery service is not good.."                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [7] "Excellent phone at its price."                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [8] "Phone is good value for mojey"                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [9] "Not as per the advertisement."                                                                                                                                                                                              
[10] "Very badProduct not delivered at a particular time"                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Amazing phone, best under 15k.  Amazon delivery was s***"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "It's so good that,  colour of the mobile is soo attracting that once I placed it on floor which is also while and I haven't noticed that my mobile that it's on the floor thats exciting rit?? Coming to technical part the thing I have noticed in it is that it already contains an inbuilt launcher which is somewhat casual and there are some technical defects too which I have initially faced many problems I.e.sudden inactivity of display(lag, stuck).It would be awesome if the availability of this mobile model will be be more sellable if it's available in black colour"
 [3] "After one week usage my opinion is that Camera quality is very poor, After taking photo, most of the image  looks blur.  Once  I zoom-in and zoom-out it looks good, I don't know why it is happening like that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Specification before purchase shown in display is 16gb internal memory.i recvd the phone with 8 GB memory."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [5] "Awesome phone in such a price range. Pure android experience, battery back up is very good, audio quality is superb. No heating issues.No lagging.Camera quality is good. Must buy for average users."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "I recieved defective charger"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Video clarity is not good..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Many issues with the product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "works as expected.nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "My Moto G4 play is very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Decent performance"                                                                                          
 [2] "Horrible phone , not worth the amount paid. Lags a lot , feels like a cheap plastic phone when held in hand."
 [3] "it is very good......but i have not received the offer,which is present at the time of buy"                  
 [4] "Some features seems missing.. there are icons but nothing is within them. Working is good."                  
 [5] "Never buy a moto phone. Worst experience ever.3rs class service at service centers"                          
 [6] "Phone is best according to my requirements like expandable storage, rapid charging etc."                     
 [7] "Moto E 3 power available at flipkart with price 7999 0nly with 3500mah battery 2gb ram"                      
 [8] "very good product"                                                                                           
 [9] "Excellent product"                                                                                           
[10] "Excellent product"                                                                                           
 [1] "Best ever deal good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [2] "When I get free power bank?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [3] "On time delivery, excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [4] "This phone 4g volte support"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "I can't get invoice copy..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [6] "I am fie with this product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [7] "Good to buy at this range.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Dear Friends, I bought this product with more expectation but the basic thing of receiving call and dialing call its very difficult, like opposite person unable to hear my voice and I am unbale to hear their voice, from Moto technical team did some analysis and installed SmarChekApp and told everything is working fine but still my problem was not resolved. Finally they agreed for replacement. I am expecting the new one should work the basic functionality. (since I am unable to get MI 3S Prime I went this selection)"
 [9] "The disply is 5inch bt side blaze is more.the cam quality is avg fr 9k its not worth money wst."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "There is no power bank in it..how can i get that ?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Micromax is an Indian company.IBall is an Indian company.HCL is an Indian company.Intex is an Indian company.Karbonn is an Indian company.Lava is an Indian company.Virgin is an Indian company.Videocon is an Indian company.XOLO is an Indian company.============================Lenovo(Motorola) is a Chinese company.Coolpad is a Chinese company.Gionee is a Chinese company.Huawei is a Chinese company.Vivo is a Chinese company.Le eco(le tv) is a Chinese companyXiaomi(Mi/Redmi) is a Chinese company============================Acer is a Taiwanese company.Asus is a Taiwanese company.HTC is a Taiwanese company.============================Dell is an American company.Apple is an American company.HP is an American company.Microsoft is an American company.============================BlackBerry is a Canadian company.============================Sony is a Japanese company.Toshiba is a Japanese company.Panasonic is a Japanese company.============================Philips is a Netherlands company.============================Samsung is a South Korean company.LG is a South Korean company.============================Nokia is a Finland company.Now act n forward this to all groups.🙏🙏 China has stopped Brahmaputra water flowing into Indian side as a symbolic support to Pakistan. Time to be serious about country. Stop buying all Chinese goods especially in Diwali shopping. Dont let Indian money flow to China.plz frward in ur groups"
 [2] "such a rip off...I can say fuve reasons not to buy it... although there many..1.Major heating issue,2.it feels cheap in the hand, the plastic back cover feels extremely cheap, 3.Back camera is equivalent to 2mp, nd front facing one is like a VGA camera, 4. Interface sucks, fonts is ginormous, which even after choosing 'small'  option in settings its still big nd looks pathetic.5. Battery drains out like crazy.. in 5 mins my battery came from 45% to 35%jus by simple browsing!Please read between the lines.. the chances of you getting back ur money is dim. Don't go by other 5 star fake reviews. Be smart nd pick a better mobile.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Received the product on time,and the phone is pretty good enough,the camera quality  is good considering the price tag, the touch is very good and  responsivethe phone get charged  very quickly-some of  the guys compare  moto g4 play with redmi 3s and think 3s is better,considering spec the redmi 3s hold the upper hand but in ground reality redmi 3s gets heated quickly  after  using for some time and the camera quality of redmi 3s is horrible, so for a long run moto g play s good :):)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Average product@"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "AWESOMEPRODUCT!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Excellent phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [7] "Phone is not gud"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "worth the money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [9] "Fantastic mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[10] "as expected nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "Worth 9000 bucks"                                                               
 [2] "Not worth, multiple issues.  Motorola has the best selling and pathetic service"
 [3] "nice phone....mom enjoys itEasy for oldies to learn about smart phones"         
 [4] "Moto g play is super phone,if we will utilise all the feature of technology"    
 [5] "Bakwas product third class's  2 din baad hi speaker kharab ho gaya apne aap"    
 [6] "Where is the free power bank? It is missing."                                   
 [7] "Heating problem"                                                                
 [8] "Value for money"                                                                
 [9] "i so much loved"                                                                
[10] "Excellent phone"                                                                
 [1] "Value for Money" "Value for money" "Average Phone.." "Very good phone"
 [5] "Very good phone" "Very good phone" "Very nice phone" "very good phone"
 [9] "Best phone ever" "No words to say"
 [1] "Heating problem"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Great mobile superb looking in hand ......"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [3] "Nice cellphone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [4] "just purchased"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [5] "Asm product..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "Awesome Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Bad experience"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [8] "Slim and Handy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [9] "The adapter in the mobile box is totaly waste product..It is not working properly in fact its faulty product.I think the amaazon.in is the website on  which  we can trust but actually its not.The usb cable is not connected proprly vid this adaptorAnd when I was call to the Customer service then the Customer care executive tell me that he is not responsible for these types of defect..he says me to contact wid ur motorola customer service"
[10] "best phone I am looking for really nice phone and value for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [1] "worth it all your cost."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Value for money product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [3] "Nice... worth of buying"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "More than expecttations"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [5] "Very good product..  No issues till now.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Its a great phone in this range,loving it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Great phone.absolutely stunned me.but doesn't do the basic function of a phone.cant talk.mic doesn't work.other specs are beautiful.when i try to return it,amazon made me install a stupid app which is complete s*** and useless.i can't return the item because this app demands a pin which I don't know where to get and is not explained anywhere.please check the mic before start using the phone.no solution from developers so far"
 [8] "I got the mobile phone but I didn't get power bank which was the offer"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [9] "Not interested to give single star also"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Perfect midrange phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Horrible phone ,I hate"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Decent phone no hassle"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [3] "best phone under 10000"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Didn't get the battery"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Absolutely fine mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "5000 ka mobile to h.....jyada ka nah h"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Good mobile under 9kRatingCamera average 3/5Style 5/5Weight 5/5Battery1/5Battery back up is very worst ,it charge the phone fastly at the same time battery getting decharging. Battery is getting fully in 45 min and that backup is withstanding only for 7 to 8 hours only for normal usage.Battery is an big problem in this phone other than that it's superb mobile"
 [8] "ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [9] "ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "Just Good. Buy if wanna have a decent phone with decent features"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Product is amazing 👍"                
 [2] "Useful app I loved it"               
 [3] "Battery back was poor"               
 [4] "Good, value for money"               
 [5] "Gud service & product"               
 [6] "Right value for money"               
 [7] "Best Phone under 10k."               
 [8] "Mobile some problems found yesterday"
 [9] "Mobile has scratches"                
[10] "The phone is awesome"                
 [1] "Nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Good Product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Nice phone.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "One major drawback is, it doesn't support 4G network for both the SIM card at the same time. If one SIM is in 4G network then other will automatically get changed to 2G with change of network of as disabled. And this is pathetic."
 [8] "Very badProduct not delivered at a particular time"                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Amazing phone, best under 15k.  Amazon delivery was s***"                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Received. Damaged instrument."                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [1] "Money loss product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Nice for this price"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Beyond Expectations"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [4] "First class looking"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "As per the price, amazing phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Hi ,I received this Phone and thanks to Amazon for delivery. After using this phone for 20 days the speaker is not working fine.Suddenly the voice call and play music are silent. I think the speaker is not functioning properly.Could you please help to resolve this issue or how I can replace this phone."
 [7] "Good produced nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [8] "Very good product."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Value 4. Ur money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "Seems to be good ."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Not soo gud"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Good mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Good phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Good Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [5] "There is no power bank in it..how can i get that ?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "I have buyed Moto G4 play mobile through Amazon but it was not working for me.Main reason is Touch is not working for me .Caution:Please make sure to buy mobile through online is worst thing,that is  through Amazon is even worst thing to buy products.they never maintained quality in products."                                                                                        
 [7] "There is a mouth/speaker problem with the phone.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "I can hardly call for more than a couple of minutes and then the call quality starts to deteriorate. After some seconds I cannot hear anything, although I am audible to the other party. Forget all smart features, calling is the most basic function and if moto cannot even manage to do a decent job there, what else? Horrible experience, shall avoid the brand at any cost in future."
 [9] "it is great phoneIt is user friendly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Using it right now till now it's fine no issues."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Ekdam bekar phone. This device has many issues."                                                                 
 [2] "This phone is best than in this range.....I love this phone very nice......all things in this phone perfect ...."
 [3] "Nice phone"                                                                                                      
 [4] "Good phone"                                                                                                      
 [5] "👌👌👌👌👌"                                                                                                           
 [6] "Average..."                                                                                                      
 [7] "Good phone"                                                                                                      
 [8] "Nice phone"                                                                                                      
 [9] "NIC mobile"                                                                                                      
[10] "It is good"                                                                                                      
 [1] "Fantastic mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "as expected nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [3] "Worth 9000 bucks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [4] "Don't buy this mobile bcz this mobile standard contact storage of Google accounts only ..sim or mobile storage is not available and FM radio is not available and front camera is not clear and if u take selfi right to left means after u see tha gallery pic left to right side showing.."                                                                                                                                      
 [5] "Screen guard didn't given"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Dear All,I bought this Phone with big Expectation But  ThisMoto G Play, 4th Gen (Black, VoLTE)  is not successful as Networks getting appeared/disappeared  automatically, 4 G Not working properly, Also there is problems with Speaker phone while talking ..Some Errrrr Sound  is coming.I Think this was offered with less price but MOTO didn't make Quality Product and managed with Quality. Better buy Moto G Plus 4th Gen"
 [7] "When I turn on the Mobile it show lenovo.. this is not good?"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Worst product. 10 minutes of usage I feel like throwing it away. But as per return policy I can't return it. So right now it is just packed and lying on desk. I bought for call quality as my Redmi 2 prime is having call quality problems. But this one seems to be much worse."                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "It was delivered on time. The phone is also very nice. It migrated the whole apps and address books in simple steps from my previous Nexus 4. The phone is even lighter than my Nexus 4. The touch is also very nice. The screen size is just perfect. Overall I really liked it."                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Defective item received."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Very good phone at this cost.all u can rely on moto brand."
 [2] "Good Mobile pure Android experience.."                     
 [3] "i so much loved"                                           
 [4] "Excellent phone"                                           
 [5] "Value for Money"                                           
 [6] "Value for money"                                           
 [7] "Average Phone.."                                           
 [8] "Very good phone"                                           
 [9] "Very good phone"                                           
[10] "Very good phone"                                           
 [1] "Good phone, under this price. I'm satisfied"        
 [2] "After some days Speaker is not working...."         
 [3] "Totally Chinese phone experience , bulky , baby toy"
 [4] "Very good product..  No issues till now.."          
 [5] "Its a great phone in this range,loving it"          
 [6] "very nice"                                          
 [7] "Satisfied"                                          
 [8] "It's good"                                          
 [9] "Excellent"                                          
[10] "excellent"                                          
 [1] "just purchased"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "Asm product..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Awesome Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Bad experience"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [5] "Slim and Handy"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [6] "ProsPhone is amazing. Specially the stock Android feel. Camera is super clear and worth the money. Just go for this phone.ConsThe keyboard is not that accurate but Google autocorrect does not make you realise it"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "Good value for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [8] "Received mobile on Oct-5th.Looks are good.Camera is good.One problem I am facing is, Google photos application displaying pictures as blurred. If we open same image in any other applications image is looking fine."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 [9] "Received the product on time,and the phone is pretty good enough,the camera quality  is good considering the price tag, the touch is very good and  responsivethe phone get charged  very quickly-some of  the guys compare  moto g4 play with redmi 3s and think 3s is better,considering spec the redmi 3s hold the upper hand but in ground reality redmi 3s gets heated quickly  after  using for some time and the camera quality of redmi 3s is horrible, so for a long run moto g play s good :):)"
[10] "Phone is hitting during camera, downloads, vedio etc. This is major issue which is not expected in moto mobile. In the same or some extra range other mobile like lg redme etc giving more features. This have not much features"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Overall Good." "Acha nahi hai" "Great product" "Don' buy this"
 [5] "No not at all" "Nice purchase" "working fine." "Great Product"
 [9] "Nice's Mobile" "heating issue"
 [1] "Woowwwww....."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [2] "A very good and budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [3] "Nice phone..Paisa vasool..worth of money."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Good smart phone in this price range....only cons I felt was that camera clarity is very bad...the battery charging takes to charge about 25% in 15 minutes and within 45 minutes for full charge. from 25 to 100% charge.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [5] "My phone is not working it's not even displaying screen when I took it to service centre they said it cannot be worked as it is having some software problems. How disgusting not even 10days completed and mobile is idle"                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 [6] "The adapter in the mobile box is totaly waste product..It is not working properly in fact its faulty product.I think the amaazon.in is the website on  which  we can trust but actually its not.The usb cable is not connected proprly vid this adaptorAnd when I was call to the Customer service then the Customer care executive tell me that he is not responsible for these types of defect..he says me to contact wid ur motorola customer service"
 [7] "Moto has very poor service center,people are highly unsupportive. They wont pick your phone ,wont give you any Online receipt as their server is always down in Delhi.Minor issues like battery change would take weeks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "The device is average as it has nothing special about it. Heavily priced due to Moto brand.Same specifications are available at half the price. The only advantage is the fact that you will get timely android updates."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "the battery life is good. enjoying the near stock android. working fast, no lag while using apps. the option of using microsd card as internal memory or portable memory is very handy. so far enjoyed using the mobile."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "VERY POOR PRODUCT."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [1] "Good buy"                            "Smooth.."                           
 [3] "good one"                            "Good one"                           
 [5] "not good"                            "Its fine"                           
 [7] "Too Good"                            "Not good"                           
 [9] "Very bad"                            "VOLTE is there . Good for the cost."
 [1] "OMG why the f*** i bought this peice of crap and specially why from Amazon India . Now i'm regretting it real bad . Brand new phone is defective and on top of that pathetic support by Amazon.. denial of addressing my problem ."
 [2] "Goog phone for the price I paid. Have been using it for sometime now. Used to play heavy games like CoC. Still no issues. Battery time is good. Gets charged quick with the charger that they sent. Loved it. Speed's good."       
 [3] "You cant compare this branded phone with small branded phone like xiaomi and those small brands this is strong,sturdy and very good to look"                                                                                       
 [4] "The delivery was in time and handed over safely.The performance of the mobile is good for daily normal usage.It is quick and responsive."                                                                                          
 [5] "Excellent phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "As per the price, amazing phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "No good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "so cute"                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "Was supposed to get afew offers along with purchase ,got none"                                                                                                                                                                     
[10] "Nice service by Amazon.inThe device is good in the price.But a little Heating problem which I discovered as of now."                                                                                                               
 [1] "This phone is amazing for calling and browsing.I don't really care about the camera so it's not a problem.Am using it without a screen guard and back cover for the past 15 days.It does have a premium look and no one would think its a sub 10k phone by just looking at itIt doesn't heat much tooLove it so far"        
 [2] "Good product working smartly"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "I own moto g 1st gen for two years, I was much happy with that, but this one doesn't live up to expectations,just a normal phone, many super mobiles are there in this price range, camera worst, network reception worst o worst, simple piece of mobile, battery can last a day, at end of day it comes to a single digit"
 [4] "Battery is very bad backup"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [5] "Superb"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Specification before purchase shown in display is 16gb internal memory.i recvd the phone with 8 GB memory."                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [7] "Screen guard didn't given"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [8] "Defective item received."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [9] "Camera is not good...not at all expected..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "The disply is 5inch bt side blaze is more.the cam quality is avg fr 9k its not worth money wst."                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [1] "Good phone."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [2] "Good Mobile"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Very Low / weak notification sound. Complecation  in Apps setting with over lay permission.Slow operating  system. Smaller screen, as operating buttons are at bottom of  the screen"                                                                                                                 
 [4] "Excellent but difficult to handle some times slippery back causes phone get out of hand thts a issue otherwise nice mobile at this price range the body of mobile will damaged easily"                                                                                                                
 [5] "everything works fine"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Voice on call is feeble when compared to Moto g3. Overall ok.Phone not used much. Got it for my mother. Will post once after usage. Better to go for g4 if budget permits"                                                                                                                            
 [7] "The product is not good as i expected and the delay that caused in my phone mic and the delivery service is also not at all good worst product so plz choose any other product"                                                                                                                       
 [8] "The phone is O.K but I would recommend you to go for the Redmi 3S Prime whic is much better with 3gb ram, 32gb rom and a fingerprint sensor too. It's looks are also better."                                                                                                                         
 [9] "good phone , camera back and front good, batrry bac up. 1 day,no heating problume,. i see viedo in you tube continiue 2 hours but no heating ,RAM 1900MB, 4Gvolta sported,"                                                                                                                           
[10] "I have buyed Moto G4 play mobile through Amazon but it was not working for me.Main reason is Touch is not working for me .Caution:Please make sure to buy mobile through online is worst thing,that is  through Amazon is even worst thing to buy products.they never maintained quality in products."
 [1] "Good phone" "Average..." "Good phone" "Nice phone" "NIC mobile"
 [6] "It is good" "Quite nice" "Good phone" "Good phone" "Nice phone"
 [1] "Nice phone" "good phone" "Good phone" "Nice phone" "Faltu aahe"
 [6] "Good phone" "Moto rulez" "nice piece" "Nice phone" "Nice phone"
 [1] "Good phone"                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Good phone"                                                                                                                                                        
 [3] "Nice phone"                                                                                                                                                        
 [4] "Nice phone"                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Received the phone well and good condition but 1 problem is there , network is not working on the phone , please initiated the process for replacement or refund ."
 [6] "I bought moto g4play supprb performance &quick charging & backup also gud..... camera vryy nice 8mp cam like 13mp cam clearity ....spprb Selfie tnz amzon& moto"   
 [7] "Nice moto is excellent"                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "How can i get powerbank for free with this current offer which shows that if u purchase from green mobiles it will give powerbank 10000mAh for free ?"             
 [9] "nice product"                                                                                                                                                      
[10] "8mp camera with 5mp front camera and got 1k cash back from Amazon along with 15% cashback from Citi. Got with a superb price and deliver in one day."              
 [1] "Within this price range, I am satisfied with product, and have good trust on Moto G. This was my second mobile from Moto G models in last 3 years."
 [2] "It's good"                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "excellent"                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Not good"                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "Satisfied"                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Good item"                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Loved it."                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Very nice"                                                                                                                                         
 [1] "Excellent" "Excellent" "good deal" "Satisfied" "Excellent" "Class one"
 [7] "amazon.in" "Excellent" "Very good" "excellent"
 [1] "Good" "Good" "good" "Good" "Nice" "good" "good" "NICE" "GOOD" "good"
 [1] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [3] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Nice"                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Good battery backup. But failing to detect micro SD card now. The internal memory is limited. Don't buy if you need to store lots of data in mobile."
 [8] "8mp camera with 5mp front camera and got 1k cash back from Amazon along with 15% cashback from Citi. Got with a superb price and deliver in one day."
 [9] "Within this price range, I am satisfied with product, and have good trust on Moto G. This was my second mobile from Moto G models in last 3 years."  
[10] "the phone is pretty amazing i have been using it  for a week now and it is just amazing.i cant explain u guys how good it feels while u r using"     
 [1] "Overall performance is good, but fingerprint scanner doesn't respond sometimes.Also the steel color is fading away from the corners"                                                                  
 [2] "Awesome phone in such a price range. Pure android experience, battery back up is very good, audio quality is superb. No heating issues.No lagging.Camera quality is good. Must buy for average users."
 [3] "Everything is okBut camera focus do not work fastandMemory card jack not work after 1 week of purchase this phone"                                                                                    
 [4] "Camera says \"camera is busy, restart the phone\". After restarting, there is no change. Can anybody help me with that?"                                                                              
 [5] "Excellent phone for this price. Highly responsive, fast, and best of all, it looks premium with great build quality."                                                                                 
 [6] "nice product"                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "Cash back is not credited to my bank account"                                                                                                                                                         
 [8] "Extremely good product & very quick delivery"                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "It's excellent mobile carrying the legacy of Moto G phones. Best battery life and light weight. Speed is great . Beat experience of Android M .Thanks Amazon ."                                       
[10] "Yes"                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [1] "OK."                                                                                                       
 [2] "yas"                                                                                                       
 [3] "Bonu Kumar Shanti Nath building Union Bank  back new Mundra Kota number 103new Mundra Kutch Gujarat 370421"
 [4] "Its worst products, amazon is cheating customers, there is no return policy. Pls don't buy this products"  
 [5] "Moto g4play is a bad phone.it gets hot while charging and running hotspot and browsing.plz replace it"     
 [6] "Good Mobile pure Android experience.."                                                                     
 [7] "Phone seems awesome in this price, packing was pathetic.awesome phonepathetic packing."                    
 [8] "good phone"                                                                                                
 [9] "Best phone"                                                                                                
[10] "NIce Phone"                                                                                                
 [1] "Very bad"                                                                                           
 [2] "Nice one"                                                                                           
 [3] "Awesome product at this price, got 15% cashback offer and one powerbank free with this phone"       
 [4] "One of the best smart phone available in this budget. The performance of the phone is nice."        
 [5] "Superb"                                                                                             
 [6] "Head phone is not working properly.. can you please replace it ASAP?Regards,"                       
 [7] "Don't buy from Green Mobiles they are fake .Recieved 2soap and one brick in the package."           
 [8] "Review after using 30 days sound system is very bad speaker is not at all good  performance is good"
 [9] "Nice product. Used it for the last 2 days. Minor heating while charging or playing high end games." 
[10] "Best phone I have ever used ...good camera quality and charging is best ..no problem till now...."  
 [1] "Poor mike and speaker quality. Also SIM slot is loose. Headphones nkt of good quality."          
 [2] "Awsm smartphone. Easy to use. And u cn randomly use for gaming , social and many more."          
 [3] "Awesome product..More than expected..Thanks Moto thanks Lenovo..And thanks Amazon almost on time"
 [4] "Same as motoG 2nd gen....but very light weight and beautiful Android experience...! Overall ok"  
 [5] "After using 1 month automatically display problem...some lines appeared on screen..."            
 [6] "Chinese product also made in china and i will never purchase made in china product."             
 [7] "really worth every rupee. best features at best price, even though made in china :P"             
 [8] "Good phoneBut e3 came just after it n 1000 Rs lessI felt played by Motorola"                     
 [9] "Amazing smartphone with this money. Touch is good and moto g always fabulous."                   
[10] "I was using this phone last 8 days .it working good and all futures are good"                    
 [1] "Nice phone feather touch , battery backup good .Plus Volte phone ."
 [2] "Good product and delivery"                                         
 [3] "Not gud"                                                           
 [4] "ok"                                                                
 [5] "ok"                                                                
 [6] "Ok"                                                                
 [7] "Ok"                                                                
 [8] "ok"                                                                
 [9] "Ok"                                                                
[10] "Ok"                                                                
 [1] "Awesome phone with good camera and different features. just go for it"   
 [2] "If the display could have been 5 inch, could have looked amazing."       
 [3] "Best Android mobile for any professional use..Moto is the Best !!"       
 [4] "Mobile is good..but only problem the device is heating up a lot.."       
 [5] "Worst mobile, pls dont buy this product and worst amazon service."       
 [6] "Nice mobile but delivery late phone is amazon amazing zing zing"         
 [7] "Phn is good but earphone is not working... what should i do...?"         
 [8] "Not 4g+4g  & front 5mp .information sab galat  dete  he. Bakwas he amzon"
 [9] "everything works fine"                                                   
[10] "The phone specifications are good and charging is super fast"            
 [1] "Mobile is getting heat . Nd battery is getting down so early"                                                                                                                        
 [2] "3rd in a row! Says it all! Value for money, best in class!"                                                                                                                          
 [3] "Do not buy this. You can get better product at this price."                                                                                                                          
 [4] "Excellent product with lots of memory and other features."                                                                                                                           
 [5] "When I turn on the Mobile it show lenovo.. this is not good?"                                                                                                                        
 [6] "Phone is really good for normal users...and network signal receiving quantity is really good..the red mi prime 3...I suggest this phone for normal users.. it's really good for them"
 [7] "Very good phone at this cost.all u can rely on moto brand."                                                                                                                          
 [8] "The temperature of Mobile body is very high when use"                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Product is good but really disappointed with the offer part, I m supposed to get the gio sim, but when I asked for it at gio store they told me stand in line with others ."         
[10] "Nice product with quick delivery before expected..!"                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Good" "Nice" "good" "good" "Good" "Nice" "good" "good" "Nice" "Nice"
 [1] "Nice phone..Paisa vasool..worth of money."                                                                                        
 [2] "Good"                                                                                                                             
 [3] "Awesome product great speed really fast.."                                                                                        
 [4] "Bought this phone in Diwali offer  with free power bank, but never received power bank. They are still shipping for last 2 months"
 [5] "Super Battery, not so good Camera though"                                                                                         
 [6] "Moto g4 play"                                                                                                                     
 [7] "is a good phone with essential features"                                                                                          
 [8] "getting always hang .. heating too much"                                                                                          
 [9] "Volume rocker stopped working abruptly."                                                                                          
[10] "The phone is good.Camera is fine."                                                                                                
 [1] "Not a water repellent phone. 3Rd class"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [2] "Phone is good but battery is not good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "Performances is not good,for thz cost."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [4] "Slim beautiful yet powerful.Absolutely fantastic nice color depth and it's 2gb ram working fantastic.Just go for it."                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "Got the product in time.working good."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [6] "It has heating problem while charging"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [7] "Caution: Misguidiing advertisement \"FREE RELIANCE JIO\" sim, there is nothing like free or any special preference given to the buyer who is buying this product. So i would suggest, please do not buy this product if you are specially looking for \"RELIANCE JIO SIM\".Otherwise product is 10/10, i would fully recommend this product."
 [8] "Good working and stylish for ladies"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [9] "Good phone...light and good to hold"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[10] "Battery backup isn't good enough.."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [1] "Good"                                                  
 [2] "Good"                                                  
 [3] "Moto all mobile hot hitting problem and battery essuis"
 [4] "Heating issue.camera is not good.Other things are OK." 
 [5] "Reliance Jio Offer given but no sim card received"     
 [6] "The temperature of Mobile body is very high when use"  
 [7] "Phone stars with Lenovo  logo. What a mistry!"         
 [8] "Amazon service fast and best and products asm"         
 [9] "Poor hands free speaker. Audio quality is bad."        
[10] "bad"                                                   
 [1] "Its nice. Sometimes it hangs,,,but its good."
 [2] "I did not get power bank as you had promised"
 [3] "Delivered on time. Nice phone at this price."
 [4] "Awesome mobile with excellent battery backup"
 [5] "Excellent phone, Satisfied, Camera is good"  
 [6] "Awesome product great speed really fast.."   
 [7] "Yes"                                         
 [8] "OK."                                         
 [9] "yas"                                         
[10] "Super Battery, not so good Camera though"    
 [1] "Some heat and allover is good phone"    
 [2] "Very bad amazon service and product"    
 [3] "Volume rocker stopped working abruptly."
 [4] "The phone is good.Camera is fine."      
 [5] "Cast screen is not working."            
 [6] "Phone is good but battery is not good." 
 [7] "Performances is not good,for thz cost." 
 [8] "Got the product in time.working good."  
 [9] "It has heating problem while charging"  
[10] "good mobile with good facilites"        
 [1] "Good phone...light and good to hold" "Battery backup isn't good enough.." 
 [3] "Worst front flash not working"       "Outstanding as per single day use"  
 [5] "Battery life is low. Overheating."   "Moto one of the best product"       
 [7] "Nice mobile and delivery on time"    "Excellent and timely delivered."    
 [9] "Excellent product by Moto"           "Lacking of finger print sensor"     
 [1] "No Barry bacup"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [2] "Not good phone software issue"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [3] "I am using this product from last 1 month ,it is being observed phone was getting slow & my Samsung SD card stop working in it ,I have lost my entire data in SD card ,it is asking for format the SD card but not working after following instructions given by this device.hope it may not be resolved ."         
 [4] "This phone is amazing for calling and browsing.I don't really care about the camera so it's not a problem.Am using it without a screen guard and back cover for the past 15 days.It does have a premium look and no one would think its a sub 10k phone by just looking at itIt doesn't heat much tooLove it so far"
 [5] "Pls dnt buy it guys..Ntg z gud in this phoneWorst cameraWorst speakerBack panel doesn't fit the phone properly"                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [6] "Good phone value for money"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [7] "3rd class product..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [9] "ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "Very bad product"                    "Very nice phone"                    
 [3] "Excellent shoe"                      "Excellent job."                     
 [5] "Some heat and allover is good phone" "Very bad amazon service and product"
 [7] "Good product."                       "Phone hanging"                      
 [9] "Weast moblile"                       "good process"                       
 [1] "Very nice looking phone" "Please Do not buy this."
 [3] "I loved it completely.." "Value  For  Money"      
 [5] "Not worth of Rs 9000.."  "Deliverd used product." 
 [7] "Happy to use the phone"  "A good mobile to buy."  
 [9] "This is best product."   "Nice Mob I liked it"    
 [1] "Very good condition"                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "Goog phone for the price I paid. Have been using it for sometime now. Used to play heavy games like CoC. Still no issues. Battery time is good. Gets charged quick with the charger that they sent. Loved it. Speed's good."
 [3] "Phone over heating"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "great budget phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [5] "Good as per  price"                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Very poor quality"                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [7] "Very bad product"                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [8] "Very nice phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Value for money. Amazing mobile.. Delivery and packagibg was not satisfying but due to product quality its a 5-starrer"                                                                                                     
[10] "Excellent shoe"                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [1] "Excellent job."                                                                                                                                               
 [2] "Moto g4 play was nice as expected.But inconvinienced on delivery."                                                                                            
 [3] "Every thing is fine except the Internet services.I have a very strong broadband,still not getting the wi Fi connectivity, I am struggling very hard with this"
 [4] "Not satisfied with this handset because there's no option for speed dial in this phone and if u want to create any group for text SMS no option is available."
 [5] "Full charge takes 2.5 hours  ,remaining features and working good."                                                                                           
 [6] "Weast moblile"                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "It is very good mobile and experience like a windows phone and ios. Camera is good.no heating problem........but ear buds are waste please improve.."         
 [8] "camera quality is not good. Even samsung2 mp phone clicks better than these junkies. lenovo is selling cheap quality with moto logo. refund me"               
 [9] "good process"                                                                                                                                                 
[10] "Good product"                                                                                                                                                 
 [1] "It is very good mobile and experience like a windows phone and ios. Camera is good.no heating problem........but ear buds are waste please improve.."
 [2] "camera quality is not good. Even samsung2 mp phone clicks better than these junkies. lenovo is selling cheap quality with moto logo. refund me"      
 [3] "A very good phone. Only problem Im facing is that the external sd card folder vanishes everytime I go to the folder or open my photos."              
 [4] "phone is just fine, like an average smartphone.. overpriced..lenovo could've added some more features to impress customers.."                        
 [5] "Felt cheated, as Moto E 3 with almost similar features was available on Flipkart at Rs.1000/ less during the same period."                           
 [6] "I didnt get the jio sim with the phone , i was told to get the sim from jio store like all others by customers care"                                 
 [7] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [9] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
[10] "Good"                                                                                                                                                
 [1] "Very good"                                                                                             
 [2] "Nice phone"                                                                                            
 [3] "good phone"                                                                                            
 [4] "Good phone"                                                                                            
 [5] "Worst ever phone of moto, can't upgrade to android 7 nd battery also sucks can't hold for even one day"
 [6] "I like it"                                                                                             
 [7] "Worst one"                                                                                             
 [8] "Not good,  because this phone doesn't support native video call. so please dont buy moto."             
 [9] "I am using this phone from last 3 months..now I am facing lot of problem in Moto G4"                   
[10] "I will take this phone but not use these feature are very good.. I hope he is very."                   
 [1] "Bad"                                                                                                                   
 [2] "Cast screen is not working."                                                                                           
 [3] "Can't detect the sim card. If a mobile cannot detect a sim card ...its of no use"                                      
 [4] "Reliance Jio Offer given but no sim card received"                                                                     
 [5] "shadows are appearing...plz fix it otherwise you will loose customers"                                                 
 [6] "Stock Android experience excellent just go for it everything is fine"                                                  
 [7] "Value for money. Amazing mobile.. Delivery and packagibg was not satisfying but due to product quality its a 5-starrer"
 [8] "Awesome phone...Moreover Amazon service is good..."                                                                    
 [9] "Good"                                                                                                                  
[10] "Hi"                                                                                                                    
 [1] "Awesome phone...Moreover Amazon service is good..."  
 [2] "I didn't got free zook power bank with this phone..."
 [3] "I have not got the additional offer . Don't be fool" 
 [4] "Not UpTo the mark as per market expectations..."     
 [5] "very good product!!! liked it very much!!!!!!!!"     
 [6] "Good"                                                
 [7] "Good"                                                
 [8] "Best"                                                
 [9] "Goid"                                                
[10] "Good"                                                
 [1] "I dant have recive cash bag"                                                                                   
 [2] "I don't like the product."                                                                                     
 [3] "Moto g4 play was nice as expected.But inconvinienced on delivery."                                             
 [4] "Full charge takes 2.5 hours  ,remaining features and working good."                                            
 [5] "Phone is light weight."                                                                                        
 [6] "Its really good one !"                                                                                         
 [7] "Screen pixel resolution is average"                                                                            
 [8] "Not worthy product."                                                                                           
 [9] "worth for money..."                                                                                            
[10] "Pls dnt buy it guys..Ntg z gud in this phoneWorst cameraWorst speakerBack panel doesn't fit the phone properly"
 [1] "Very bad product"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [2] "Unnecessary bezel. Screen to body ratio is less. That's why it's look like old fashioned. Mics are not on proper positions.Old processor with old GPU. Will not deliver high performance. But will perform smoothly in general use because of less customized android.Camera is average. Battery is good. Removable battery. Robust build quality. Clutter free android except very few moto specific app. Feels like nexus.Reasons to buy: 1. Pure android 2. Long lasting 3. Moto brand"
 [3] "Nice Phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "Good phone"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [5] "very good"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [6] "Excellent"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "Its ok"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [8] "Good mobile.I am satisfied with the functioning.I recommend for its purchase because well within the budget."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Not impressive, not good like old motorola fones like Moto g,g2 , x series etc.Lenovo should improve quality of fone and plz.You can't feel fone in hand."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "goog"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [1] "Excellent"                                                                
 [2] "Not buy"                                                                  
 [3] "Worst mobile, please don't buy it. Thanks a lot if u have obeyed me."     
 [4] "THE Screen of MOTOR PLAY, 4TH GEN IS BLINKING REGULARLY."                 
 [5] "Good for average use but gets slow in doing multi task"                   
 [6] "Its ok"                                                                   
 [7] "Phone is good, but camera is average."                                    
 [8] "Nice phone using it from last 3 months... Much better then Samsung J2e..."
 [9] "goog"                                                                     
[10] "Good"                                                                     
[1] "This mobile was battery weak and touch not properly not respond"                                                                                                                                                    
[2] "Poor Product Camera is poor then 3 megapixel"                                                                                                                                                                       
[3] "I think redmi 3s prime is the best option in this price range. They are giving much better features in this range. I hopefully think the upcoming moto e3 is better then moto g4 play."                             
[4] "9000 me isse badhiya fon hai camera bhi itna achcha nhi hai and screen gaurd sath me nhi hai and gio ki sim bhi nahi de raha hai reliance jio ke office me iske liye mana kr rhe hai so please do not buy this ...."
[5] "Dear frnds .. this phone doesn't support Gio sim."                                                                                                                                                                  
[6] "I got the mobile but where is the reliance Jim sim"                                                                                                                                                                 
