Displaying 25 of 25 matches:
 say a cafe etc . This way , I know I feel more secure on the Internet .+ OTG â 
s a full plastic built , it doesn ' t feel great like the Redmi note 3 in hand .
 If you have any further queries then feel free to comment down below . Abraham 
drastically gone down ." [ 4 ] " I am feel happy about this phone because I expe
e 1st Nov . 2016 . till now i don ' t feel any problem . All looks good to me . 
back panel has a nice grippy textured feel to it which feels great to hold . I '
re even at this price and the buttons feel robust and firm . The steel band arou
r packaging - 1 stars2 ) Phone look & feel - 4 stars3 ) Earphone - 1 star ( Bad 
oint considering the price . I really feel that Moto G Play is what Moto E 2015 
 camera works fine . The Only Thing i feel is it does not support well for scree
moto G play in a 1 months gap , great feel touch finish ." [ 6 ] " Item is good 
to try the same this time too . Now I feel that I made a terrible mistake buying
y it ' s a very good phn ... stocking feel .... always way better than the Chine
han the Chinese UIs ... GUD looks and feel ... no hanging issues ... but not for
uch is very sensitive and has a great feel to it . Battery is more than enough t
p don ' t go for this . RAM doesn ' t feel like its 2 GB of RAM . Camera Quality
t ), other being this mobile does not feel that premium but with a good case you
but with a good case you may get that feel ." [ 9 ] " DesignThe Moto G4 Play has
Motorola has worked a lot on look and feel of this piece . Internal memory , aft
 , click sound is annoying ) Look and feel : 9 / 10Weight : 10 / 10 ( Very light
ear pixel after open . Display colour feel dull as compare with motog3 . music R
ros : Bloody light weight - cant even feel its there in pocketDisplay - 720p ove
. 2 . Loud Speaker is near to ear ( I feel due to magnetic effect ear / brain ma
 quality is OK . Only thing is that I feel camera is not very up to the mark ( 5
feels very light and nowhere you will feel that you are holding a cheap phone . 
