Displaying 25 of 25 matches:
-- Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other . Both fe
isplay which is by no means worthy to look at . b .) No mention of any display p
re a bit tricky . Its phone specs may look good on paper with phenomenal 3 GB RA
ly notice any pixelation , unless you look really close .#= UI AND PERFORMANCE -
 - Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other . Both fe
 . snappy with functioning and trendy look too " [ 1 ] " Awesome mobile .... alt
 good , working fine ." [ 3 ] " It is look like some Chinese for their function 
e touch screen is very good , and the look is elegant . The only thing I still m
1 ) Poor packaging - 1 stars2 ) Phone look & feel - 4 stars3 ) Earphone - 1 star
o headset is not so great - plasticky look . Design is average - clock speed is 
g for gmail account " [ 4 ] " Amazing look but equals to 2gb ram performance spe
ality is average not up to the mark . Look is average . Good thing about phone i
-- Both the Moto E3 Power and G4 Play look quite similar to each other . Both fe
 , multimedia . For gaming you should look somewhere else . No Nougat Update as 
 phone . Motorola has worked a lot on look and feel of this piece . Internal mem
OTO brand , click sound is annoying ) Look and feel : 9 / 10Weight : 10 / 10 ( V
 ( Especially in Black coz it won ' t look dirty and all unlike White ones ) Dis
his price range . Heavy gamers should look for better specs ." [ 1 ] " It should
ckup ,. Clear display , slim n latest look comfortable to hold in hand . After s
 kept in mind . The camera resolution look decent but a 13 mp rear camera would 
€™ m quite impressed with the overall look , feel and finish this product offers
t . This phone exactly deliver what i look for and the performance is good . It 
ality , good work sense , very decent look , and weight less .... worth of buy .
oes not show any cash back given . Pl look into the matter urgently " [ 8 ] " I 
isplay which is by no means worthy to look at . b .) No mention of any display p
