Displaying 25 of 25 matches:
es feature a removable battery . 4G Network & Jio :->--------------------------
 IS IMPORTANT1 . Works with any LTE network ( Vodafone , Idea , Airtel , IMPORT
ard slot , it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine . the g4 pla
he battery life after 2 - 3 days .# NETWORK I mainly bought it to use JIO 4G , 
lity is good found no call drops or network problems5 ) Sound quality is not th
 Impressive battery backup ... Good network reception ... Smooth .... Sleak in 
ard slot , it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine . Feels very
es feature a removable battery . 4G Network & Jio :->--------------------------
ware glitches . There are no wifi / network issues . This mobile is going to ge
e SD card operations . Excellent 4G network connectivity . Worth of price ." [ 
d see that it is having much better network coverage for the same sim card comp
 ] " Hi , This phone is auto switch network , which is very problematic for tho
 is automatically switch to 2G / 3G network and data will stop working . No sol
ons ; Back camera is not so good ,, Network related problmsð Ÿ–“, back and home
ious issues with signal reception . Network for both sims disappear during call
per the description but I am facing network issue which i never faced before in
tgoing get blocked even though full network coverage . It is happening frequent
tgoing get blocked even though full network coverage . It is happening frequent
s my other Android & Apple Phones . Network : 5 / 5Audio / Video : 5 / 5Display
ard slot , it supports VoLTE my jio network worked on it just fine . the g4 pla
 9 . Battery backup is good . On 4g network and usual day - to - day usage it w
 [ 1 ] " Worst Phone . Catching the network is horrible . You cannot make / rec
s it supports OTG .....? N both sim Network s supports 4g .....?" [ 2 ] " Durin
awback is , it doesn ' t support 4G network for both the SIM card at the same t
the same time . If one SIM is in 4G network then other will automatically get c
