Displaying 25 of 25 matches:
le the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours . Software & OS :->-------------------------- 
on the E3 Power has reduced after a software updateBugs - The Moto E3 Power has 
owever , this has been fixed with a software updateIt comes with Voice over LTE 
ry life and don ' t care much about software updates go for the E3 PowerBut if y
user and you want better gaming and software updates , go for the G4 PlayAfter a
f details not showing through . 4 ) Software & Specs . The phone comes with Andr
 Stars4 ) Call Quality - 4 Stars5 ) Software performance - 5 Stars6 ) Expected l
his is the best option for me . 2 ) Software works fluently without lag & can co
th at this price . RAM 2 GB but the software optimized brilliantly so you get at
 mode and hangs for few minutes and software viruses are there and quite differe
g drain very fast . 2 . I am having software issues in this ex - while playing m
ality is good , Android marshmallow Software doesn ' t gets hang during multitas
artphones primarily for their clean software . And yes this one is absolutely cl
ot , I was told that they will do a software update and this took another hours 
k android & moto brand Hardware and software optimised very well . It charges ve
le the G4 Play lasts upto 5 hours . Software & OS :->-------------------------- 
 no heating problems . There are no software glitches . There are no wifi / netw
artphones primarily for their clean software . And yes this one is absolutely cl
 display clearance is also good but software present lenovo is slightly bad I li
ut the screen size , resolution and software tweaks / doze mode increases the ba
 too does not fail to impress . 4 . Software updates is the main reason i chose 
Neatly defined phone , the hardware software and firmware all at par at this pri
 did heat up a bit while charging . SOFTWARE : Motorola is one of those companie
fine . Motorola need to work on its software department as the camera app needs 
Xiaomi ' s , Oppos & Vivos . Buy it software updates aren ' t your priority " [ 
