Displaying 25 of 25 matches:
p for the earpiece and speaker . The sound output is better on E3 Power due to 
ness etc . - Loud enough speaker and sound is very clear , best phone I used ..
efer a Bluetooth headset because the sound quality us so much better ). Amazon 
p for the earpiece and speaker . The sound output is better on E3 Power due to 
ke of it and serves no purpose . The sound from the phone speaker also is not c
ness etc . - Loud enough speaker and sound is very crisp and clear , best phone
efer a Bluetooth headset because the sound quality us so much better ). Amazon 
no call drops or network problems5 ) Sound quality is not that great but its de
low when you are opening some apps . Sound quality is good . Camera is good . I
y can buy ... Battery is very good . Sound quality is bad without earphones " [
rchase that product ... as my mobile sound gets off automatically without reaso
l . Camera quality is also awesome . Sound quality is also awesome . As its 5 i
ts heated + microphone makes shutter sound . In short - Better to go for Appo o
e headphones in public area / market sound is very low . Speed is good .. 3 mon
is nice . If you are not considering sound / music imp . go for this ." [ 3 ] "
ns ." [ 5 ] " Phone was good . Great sound quality & features that u see in usu
ay is super awesome . No bloatware . Sound quality is wonderful . Connectivity 
aker and for hearing callers voice . Sound quality is just ok , needs improveme
d with the quality of the earphone . Sound gets distorted after increasing abov
ang . Moto display works very good . Sound is very loud . But earphones are was
p for the earpiece and speaker . The sound output is better on E3 Power due to 
stalled apps given by Motorola . 6 . sound is pretty loud and clear both in lou
ouches . Battery life is average and sound output is very ordinary mono . Only 
10 ( According to MOTO brand , click sound is annoying ) Look and feel : 9 / 10
 the fitting in not great though the sound is good ( I like the IN THE EAR ONES
